Griffin: Last time on The Adventure Zone... Up there, you see another goblin, and next to him, you see an unconscious human man. He sounds like Kelsey Grammer. And he looks like Common. He‘s one hell of a goblin.
Yeemick: I have a proposition for you. I will let you leave this cave, with your Barry Bluejeans, alive and unharmed. I want you to depose our current employer, whose name is Klaaaarg.
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: Klarg is like... he looks pretty badass.
Justin: Alright, I cast charm person on Klarg.
Griffin: He brings you out the most aromatic oolong tea you have ever tasted. It is enough to level all three of you up to level two.
Taako: What happened to Gundren?
Klarg: We were contracted to acquire Gundren and deliver him to The Black Spider.
Justin: Klarg is gonna wake up soon, and I don‘t wanna be here when that happens.
Griffin: Barry Bluejeans is amenable to that. He‘s like...
Barry: Yeah let‘s get the hell out of this cave, I am not a big fan of this cave. My name‘s Barry Bluejeans.
The Announcer: Once again, the yawning portal opens before you! Abandon all hope, ye who enter... The Adventure Zone!
[theme music plays]
Griffin: So the four of you, with Barry J. Bluejeans, are walking out of the cave towards your wagon. Very far off in the distance in that cave, you hear...
Klarg: Wait, what?! Ah, shit!
Travis: [laughs]
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: You manage to get back to where your cart is. Sure enough, it is just fine. It‘s still hidden, nobody‘s managed to come across it. The dog in the back is pretty upset, but the—
Merle: Aww, come here Ruby! Come heeere.
Griffin: She bites all of your hand off.
Clint: Oh, that‘s alright, I don‘t care.
Travis: Let me roll for animal handling!
Griffin: No.
Clint: No!
Travis: Okay, fair enough.
Clint: Ruby‘s mine!
Griffin: You can‘t do that. You all walk back, hop in the cart, and get back on the road towards Phandalin.
Clint: Can we do something first?
Justin: Wait, we gotta talk to Barry.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Taako: Barry, what the hell happened?
Barry: A lot of shit. And it was all really terrible, and if you gave me the option, I would not do it again.
Clint: Why do I imagine that Bill Hader character where they all made their own puppets, and they were all talking to the puppets... [laughs]
Griffin: I don‘t know what you‘re talking about.
Clint: I didn‘t think so, sorry, it‘s on Saturday Night Live. I would like to— can we—
Griffin: That show hasn‘t been invented yet.
Clint: Oh. Or, has it already happened?
Griffin: Oh shit, future fantasy.
Clint: Yeah. Blew your mind. I think we ought to—before we head out, can we do one of those perception checks or whatever?
Justin: We‘re talking to Barry right now.
Clint: Oh, I thought you were done, I thought he was done.
Justin: He didn‘t say anything!
Griffin: That was not all that Barry has to offer.
Clint: Oh, I‘m sorry.
Barry: How much do you guys know? Let‘s, uh... I guess let‘s establish a baseline.
Taako: We know that Gundren was sold, or given to someone named The Black Spider through an envoy.
Barry: Okay.
Merle: Yeah, you lied to us, in other words.
Barry: I—
Magnus: We found your map.
Griffin: Uh... Did you? You didn‘t find a map.
Travis: No, I‘m lying.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Barry: So you found the map?
Magnus: Oh, we know all about the map.
Merle: Yep! Found the map!
Taako: So what was really going on, Barry?
Barry: Uh... [sigh] Okay. Let‘s start from the beginning. Gundren and his two brothers, whose names are Tharden and Nundro...
Travis: Uh-huh.
Merle: Good, good friends of mine.
Barry: Oh cousins, right! I forgot—I forgot all about that. The three of them have a claim to the lost mine of Phandalin. They managed to find out where it is.
Merle: So why didn‘t he tell us that right up at the front?
Barry:  ̳Cause he didn‘t trust you guys. Why the hell would he trust you?
Merle: I‘m his cousin!
Barry: You‘re fourth cousins. Dwarves have like 800 cousins, so it‘s like, y‘know, you‘re basically perfect strangers.
Merle: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And dating‘s a bitch.
Barry: Yeah tell me about it. Or is it kinda great?
Merle: Kinda. [snorts]
Barry: I don‘t know who this Black Spider is, but I would love to give him a piece of my mind. After I rest for about two months. I need to sleep. Listen, I‘ve partied pretty hard before in my life. I'm gonna need to sleep this one off.
Clint: [laughs]
Magnus: So it sounds to me like we‘ve got no leads on Black Spider or anything like that. We should head to the town.
Barry: Listen, it‘s not my first goddamn time at the bodyguard rodeo, is it, Magnus?
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Barry seems pretty confident that he can track Gundren down.
Taako: Barry, let me ask you this – do you need to go back to town?
Barry: I would love to go back to town. If we can get back there, let me get a few sips of the ol‘ hooch, and maybe a... maybe a short rest, if you just give me like a 15 minute power nap...
Taako: Well, listen guys, why don‘t we head back to town?
Magnus: I feel like something‘s telling me to go back to town.
Barry: Kick on the white noise... okay.
Taako: Let‘s go back to town, and then maybe we can go buy some junk.
Barry: Yeah, sure! Maybe some, uh, some horehound candy.
Merle: Whatever.
Barry: Well what‘s— why are you beefing now?
Merle: No look, I ain‘t—listen, I‘ll go along with the majority, that‘s fine.
Travis: Dad, would you rather stay here where we know nothing, and nothing is going on?
Clint: Nah, nah, you‘re right as always. It‘s fine, fine, fine.
Griffin: You‘ve been listening to ―Passive-Aggressive Dungeons & Dragons.‖
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: This has been ―Dungeons & Dragons with our Nonny.‖
Clint: Nah, let‘s go, let‘s go to town! Yay, town!
Griffin: Okay you all get back to town. I don‘t know if you actually want to buy shit, because I‘m not a hundred percent sure how you... do that, per se. Phandalin is a very large town compared to, I guess, some of the bullshit villages that you guys have been through. It‘s a town on the up and up, recovering from the collapse of the mining economy. So there are general stores and armories that have really great names, according to this book. There‘s  ̳Lionshield Coster.‘ I guess you can buy like a sword or some shit there. You drop off Barry Bluejeans to get his rest on.
Barry: Oh, by the way I need my, uh, my box of shit.
Merle: You need your box of shit?
Magnus: Cool, here you go.
Barry: Yeah. Alright.
Merle: Well, why don‘t we let him rest first?
Barry: Nah, I‘m just gonna go ahead and take it with me into the inn. I‘ve got a change of clothes in there. I smell like—I smell like, uh... I smell like a wet dog.
Justin: [laughs]
Merle: Okay... These guys have already burned us once. We don‘t know this ―Barry Bluejeans‖ from shit.
Taako: Okay.
Merle: How do we know he‘s not going to take off when this...
Taako: Alright, I‘ll stay in the inn. And you guys go buy things.
Magnus: You want me to pick anything up for you?
Merle: No, you‘re the one who wants to go to town. Let me stay in the inn.
Taako: Alright, you stay in the inn. I‘ll go buy things.
Griffin: So the four of you sit down to sort of further discuss your next plan of attack. Barry is very set on finding Gundren. If it gets out that he allowed his, his...
Clint: Client?
Griffin: His client to get kidnapped, or dwarfnapped, it‘s not going to be great for his reputation. So he is—he‘s looking around, and he says...
Barry: Like I said, that map. It was a fake. The real map... and this is really great. You guys are going to love this. The real map is inside that goddamn dwarf.
Merle: Yuck?
Barry: No, it‘s not like in his—it‘s not like in his butt or anything. Well, I guess a little bit? It‘s his uh...
Magnus: Is this like Fifth Element style?
Barry: No, it wasn‘t love the whole time.
Magnus: Okay.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: And he‘s rooting around and he says—and he pulls out a parchment that is completely blank, and he says...
Barry: Oh thank god, they didn‘t get this.
Griffin: And spreads it out and keeps digging around. And he says...
Barry: That dwarf. His blood... is actually the map. His blood! Isn‘t that great? Have you heard anything like that before?
Merle: Wow!
Barry: Yeah!
Merle: What the hell are you talking about?
Griffin: He says...
Barry: He gave me, uh... he gave me a vial.
Griffin: He‘s like, digging around the box.
Barry: He gave me a vial of his blood...
Griffin: He—he‘s dumping the box out, he‘s emptying it upside down. And he‘s saying, like...
Barry: Well. Never mind then, I may not have a way to find him if we can‘t find this... this blood. Shit.
Merle: Well, I‘m a cousin. Would my blood work?
Barry: That is not a bad idea!
Griffin: He says. And he‘s like...
Barry: Can I, uh... can I borrow your hand there? For a second.
Merle: Um... I‘d be a lot more comfortable if you let me decide where the blood was gonna come from.
Barry: I mean, just to make sure you get a lot. And make sure it‘s good blood.
Merle: Uh, when you say a lot...
Barry: Tell me about your cholesterol.
Merle: Not good. But not bad. It‘s in the uh, it‘s the good cholesterol for dwarves.
Griffin: Okay. [laughs] Which is about 1,400, uh, in that range.
Clint: In there.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Alright, so I take the very unsanitary-looking fork laying on the table. And I prick my finger and start it dripping.
Griffin: Okay, with each... you manage to hit a vein.
Justin: [laughs]
Travis: [laughs]
Griffin: You hit a major artery.
Justin: A finger vein.
Clint: In my finger?!
Griffin: Uh-huh. Well, you don‘t know about dwarf anatomy. You don‘t know what‘s going on in there.
Travis: And you‘re real good at this. As a cleric, you know exactly where the veins are.
Griffin: So it‘s weird, it‘s—with every drop of blood that you put on this... vellum, that you‘re assuming is enchanted in some way to react to Rockseeker blood—
Clint: [laughs] Or Barry‘s just a giant prick.
Travis: ―Nah, I‘m just kidding!‖
Griffin: Yeah, he‘s— ―Ahaha, I can‘t believe you fell for it again!‖ No, with each—
Travis: The old ―your blood is the map‖ trick!
Griffin: Your blood is actually almost... molding itself. It‘s weird, it‘s not like it‘s turning into ink, it‘s staying on top of the paper, almost like it‘s hydrophobic. And it‘s forming this shape. With each drop, it‘s filling out more and more and more of this shape. And you do that for a few minutes. Barry‘s looking very impatient. He‘s like...
Barry: Can you cut more? Can we do more holes? I thought you guys were like big brave heroes, and you‘re just like... it‘s like a child getting a booster shot over here.
Merle: Yeah, eat me, Barry. Let‘s just go on.
Griffin: Okay. So you manage to get a looot of blood on this paper. And you recognize that, by comparing it to the other map, that it is pointing to the Sword Mountains, which are about a day‘s ride from Phandalin. And there‘s one point where your blood has sort of formed a circle around the foothills of the Sword Mountains, and Barry goes...
Barry: I‘ll be... I‘ll be a son of a bitch.
Merle: Okay, so how do we know that‘s where Thundren is?
Griffin: Uh, Gundren.
Merle: Told you, we‘re very close.
Griffin: [laughs]
Barry: If he was taken by The Black Spider, I‘m assuming that they were gonna take him... this cave—you gotta understand. This is the Rockseekers‘ birthright, this cave. This is an area of tremendous power, and they see it as their birthright. It belongs to them. But they are probably not the only ones looking for it. So if—if The Black Spider took  ̳em, I guarantee you he takes  ̳em here.
Justin: How far are the Sword Mountains from where we‘re at?
Griffin: A day. A day‘s ride.
Travis: A day‘s ride?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: So we need to get some horses? Or...
Barry: Oh, you can use my cart, if you want.
Taako: Do you want to come with us, Barry?
Barry: I really need to rest.
Taako: Barry, it would look bad if you let your charge... if you didn‘t rescue them. I mean what would—
Barry: It would look super bad if I just, like, died. It would be equally bad—
Travis: [laughing] That‘s gotta be bad for business.
Barry: Let me pitch you this – it‘s gonna be equally bad for my career if I just fucking die.
Justin: [laughing]
Merle: That‘s a good point. Okay, maybe you could pay us part of your commission if we go save him.
Taako: Yeah! I think you should cut us in if we‘re gonna rescue this guy. You give us half of whatever you‘re getting paid to guard him.
Barry: If you can find this cave, you are not going to have to worry about money ever, ever again.
Magnus: ...  ̳Cause we‘ll die?
Barry: No. Well...
Clint: [laughs]
Barry: Maybe. I‘m not a psychic.
Merle: Alright, but you gotta give us the map.
Barry: If you don‘t—oh, sure! I mean, it‘s your blood. Fuck it.
Magnus: Before we go, is there anything else you can tell us about The Black Spider, or this cave, or...
Barry: I haven‘t seen—I haven‘t met this Black Spider. The cave... the cave‘s called Wave Echo Cave. And I know that‘s a silly name. But it‘s just what they call it. I didn‘t come up with it.
Magnus: I do have one question.
Barry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Magnus: Is Black Spider like... a nickname? Or is he a giant black spider?
Barry: I...
Justin: He‘d never heard of him! Why are you asking him?
Travis: Because I‘m— Magnus isn‘t good with spiders.
Justin: And apparently not good with paying attention!
Clint: [laughs]
Barry: I mean, I‘ve never seen—
Travis: Thinking is for other people.
Barry: Spiders are pretty small, right? So... I don‘t know how that guy would be able to like kidnap and extort and shit if he was just a little spider. But I don‘t know. Y‘know, they don‘t pay me to... to think.
Taako: Alright. Thanks, Barry.
Justin: Do we need... provisions? Do we need to buy provisions for...
Griffin: I am not gonna ever make you guys worry about food and shit.
Justin: Okay, good.
Travis: Perfect. Let‘s roll out!
Griffin: That is a Griffin McElroy DM—
Justin: What time of day is it right now?
Griffin: It‘s... mid-afternoon.
Clint: Did we rest?
Griffin: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you guys have taken a long rest. You‘re back at zero.
Clint: Let‘s move out!
Travis: Let‘s roll out.
Justin: Alright, let‘s ride!
Clint: [singing] Here we come a-running...
Justin: [guitar noises] Duh nuh nuh nuh nuh!
Clint: [singing] Head out on the highway!
Griffin: So... uh...
Justin: That was a good montage.
Griffin: So following this—
Justin: Are we there now?
Clint: We‘re there! [laughing]
Justin: Dad and I montaged us there. [laughing]
Travis: Oh, I missed it! I‘ll meet you guys there.
Griffin: You guys are totally there. You followed this Dwarven blood map. It‘s a pretty sweet-looking map. It‘s all gothic and shit. It looks like a Slipknot cover album.
Justin: [laughing] Wait, a Slipknot... cover album, or a Slipknot album cover?
Griffin: A Slipknot album cover.
Justin: This is my album of Slipknot covers.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: I call it Loosebow.
Griffin: So I—I‘m jumping way, way forward, so you guys are gonna have to bear with me. Because you‘re not supposed to be at Wave Echo Cave yet. [laughs] You‘re supposed to be like, level four or five by the time you reach Wave Echo Cave.
Travis: Oh, that sounds good!
Justin: What were we supposed to do?
Clint: Well, maybe we need to go somewhere else first.
Griffin: No, because I don‘t want you guys to—
Travis: Should we go grind? Like, kill some gnolls or something to level up? Or collect some belts to turn in for something?
Griffin: Yeah, you go to Crushbone Castle and you collect belts and now you‘re level 20. No, you‘ll be fine, don‘t worry about it.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: What did we miss?
Griffin: I mean, there‘s other stuff in this book, but I don‘t wanna stick to this book for any longer than we absolutely have to.
Justin: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: There‘s like a castle. And there‘s like a bunker. You guys have managed to find this, uh, region of foothills leading into the Sword Mountains. And following this map, which is, for a thing made out of human body fluid, or Dwarven body fluid, incredibly detailed. You manage to find your way to the entrance of Wave Echo Cave.
Justin: [quietly] Dun dun dun...
Griffin: And from inside you actually hear, appropriately enough, what sounds like crashing waves. And they‘re very intermittent. Every two minutes or so, you hear like, the sounds of waves breaking on a shore. But very, very, very loud.
Clint: And real echo-y!
Griffin: And super, super, super echo-y. And it‘s very—it‘s actually quite cold inside the cave, as you move into the cave.
Justin: Did I bring a jacket?
Griffin: You brought a nice... parka.
Justin: Can I roll to see if I brought a jacket?
Griffin: Yeah, please. Are you not—are you actually gonna do it?
Justin: Oh! That‘s a two.
Griffin: Oh, no. You didn‘t— you didn‘t bring a shirt!
Clint: No, it‘s a—it‘s a members only jacket. A members only jacket.
Griffin: No way! For a two?
Travis: Whoa whoa whoa, that‘s for members only!
Griffin: No way!
Clint: Yeah, but how much protection is that gonna be?
Griffin: No, you‘re jacketless.
Travis: It‘s surprisingly comfy, thank you very much!
Griffin: You‘re jacketless, and your nipples are super hard, and they‘re that like, type of hard where like, they keep rubbing against the inside of your shirt.
Clint: Eugh!
Griffin: And like, and they‘re chafing. And you hate it.
Clint: But like it a little bit. [laughs]
Griffin: Nope. You only hate it. You start to make your way into the Wave Echo Cave, and sort of true to history, because remember, this was a... this was a mine where magical ores were mined out and crafted into incredibly powerful magic weapons. The walls of the cave are almost luminous. They‘re almost—they have like a bioluminescence to them, where you honestly don‘t really need a torch. There seems to be just sort of a natural light emanating all around you. The walls are sort of shimmering with latent energy. So you make your way into the cave entrance. There‘s a large cavern that‘s supported by a natural rock pillar, a few stalagmites... and in the western part of this cavern foyer, behind a column of rock, are a few bedrolls and a heap of some supplies. Some sacks of flour, and salt, and meat, and lanterns, and oil, and pickaxes, and shovels, and other mining gear. And amid those supplies, you see the body of a dwarf wearing some mining gear.
Clint: Do we know the dwarf?
Griffin: You actually—you actually do. It is, uh... It‘s Tharden. Tharden Rockseeker. One of the—
Clint: My other cousin.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah. You identify his body and point it out to your compatriots.
Clint: And maybe—
Travis: And just say, ―Tharden.‖
Griffin: ―That‘s Tharden there.‖
Clint: And maybe one solitary tear. One tear.
Griffin: ―I know that fool. That there‘s Tharden.‖
Clint: Yeah, you guys go ahead and laugh.
Justin: I grab one of the lanterns.
Griffin: Okay. You can grab a lantern if you want. You guys can have your pick. [laughing] Tharden‘s certainly not gonna need it, right? He‘s fucking dead. He died.
Justin: I search Tharden‘s body for valuables.
Griffin: You actually... you find on him a pair of—
Justin: I do it covertly so the other guys don‘t see.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay. Make a st—make a stealth—
Clint: Hey! That‘s my cousin!
Griffin: Make a sleight of hand check, then.
Justin: This is, uh, this is a tradition... in, um, my, in my uh, culture, it‘s a blessing that we do for the dead, that we help to—
Clint: I‘d like to roll against this roll.
Justin: Help to usher them into the next... world.
Griffin: Okay, Justin. Justin, make a sleight of hand check, and Dad, make a perception check.
Justin: Okay. I need to see the d20. You go ahead.
Clint: Go ahead.
Justin: Uh... 12.
Clint: Alright. I only got a nine. No, a 10. Sorry.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, Taako, you notice that his boots are actually... really great boots. These are—
Travis: They are made for walking.
Griffin: They are actually made for jumping. They are magic Boots of Striding and Springing. And so you manage to get those off of him without anybody else noticing.
Justin: [laughing] That‘s some pretty fucking good sleight of hand, I have to give it to myself!
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, well they are loafers. So they‘re Loafers of, uh, Springing.
Clint: Jumpin‘ loafers!
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Now, will that—can I wear those?
Griffin: I‘ll explain what they are,  ̳cause maybe you‘ll decide to give them to somebody else. Which might be kind of uncomfortable, if you give them to Merle, because then you‘ll be like, ―Oh I just found these, definitely not on your cousin‘s corpse.‖ But these are... your speed while wearing these boots becomes 30 feet, unless your walking speed is higher, and your speed is not reduced if you are encumbered or wearing heavy armor. In addition, whenever you jump, you can jump three times the normal distance.
Travis: [gasps] I would like those, please!
Griffin: I think you already have jumping.
Justin: Are they like—would these create an encumbrance for like, my spell gesturing?
Griffin: No.
Justin: No? Okay.
Travis: But you‘re not gonna be running into anything, you‘re not gonna be jumping into battle!
Justin: Okay, I would like to give these to Magnus. When Merle‘s not looking.
Griffin: M‘kay. Make a sleight of—
Travis: [laughing] Just like, slip it. Whoooop!
Merle: Hey guys, what‘s—what are ya doin‘?
Griffin: [laughing] Make another sleight of hand check for me.
Merle: Gosh, what‘s going on over there?
Griffin: We‘ll use Dad‘s original perception check to contest it, but go ahead and make that sleight of hand check.
Justin: Uh, okay, a 14.
Griffin: Yeah, okay.
Clint: Dang.
Griffin: You slide these boots—Dad, you‘re just like, so tore up.
Justin: [laughs]
Clint: Well yeah, he‘s dead!
Griffin: About Tharden.
Travis: So now I can jump three times as far?
Griffin: You have three times the normal jumping distance, yeah.
Travis: Sweet.
Clint: And then I say...
Merle: I wonder what happened to those boots I gave him for Christmas?
Griffin: [laughs]
Travis: [laughs]
Justin: [laughs]
Travis: ―Where are his Christmas shoes?‖
Merle: Damn. Those other guys must have stolen his magic Christmas shoes!
Justin: [laughing]
Travis: And the magic Christmas shoes increase my speed?  ̳Cause I‘m already at 30.
Griffin: No, then it‘s just there.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: If you do ever get heavier armor, that would normally decrease your speed. It negates that effect.
Travis: Oh, I actually take that back. I think my speed actually was decreased by my chain mail, and so that brings it back up to 30. ‘Cause I was at 25.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Great! Cool.
Justin: Hey, while we‘re talking bullshit, I wanted to ask real quick Griffin. When I leveled up it said I got an extra hit die. What is that?
Griffin: So hit die are what you spend during a short rest to get hit points back. You started out with just one, and then you roll your hit die. For you, I think it‘s a d6 and then you add your constitution modifier. And before, you could only do that once before you needed to take a long rest. Now you have two of those. Does that make sense?
Justin: Got it, yeah.
Griffin: Cool. Okay, so in the back of this chamber, behind this mining campsite where Tharden is totally dead in, you see a pit. An open pit in the back of the cave. And at the bottom of that pit, in the back wall, is a tunnel that is leading further into the cave.
Clint: How deep is the pit? Do I need to do a perception thing, or...
Griffin: No, you can just—you can see a pit.
Justin: Just spit in it.
Clint: M‘kay.
Griffin: We‘ll say it‘s about 20 feet. It‘s about 20 feet down. And then at the bottom of the pit is a tunnel leading into the cave.
Travis: Let‘s go in the pit!
Clint: Let‘s pit it!
Griffin: You‘ll have to uh, to make an athletics check if you wanna try and climb down, unless you wanna use some sort of special tool to get down there.
Travis: My athletics is great, let me go first and I‘ll catch you!
Justin: Can I, uh, can I grab one of those pickaxes? To help me?
Griffin: Sure! Why not! Great.
Justin: I‘m gonna use—I‘m gonna use that to help climb down.
Griffin: Oh! Cool. Like a... almost like a... what is it, what‘s the word, like a piton?
Justin: Yeah, like a piton!
Griffin: A pye-ton?
Griffin: A pye-ton?
Travis: I‘m gonna go ahead and jump down.
Griffin: Okay, cool.
Justin: I just did that thing. You could do that thing I did.
Travis: Well, my athletics is higher. If I can get down there first—
Griffin: Okay, yeah. Yeah, roll an athletics check.
Travis: Oh god! See I didn‘t roll in the box. Gotta roll in the box.
Griffin: Your magic always 20 box.
Travis: Yeah. Hold on.
Griffin: Your magic box of cheating.
Travis: Um...
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: [laughs]
Travis: Fair enough. It‘s 13.
Griffin: 13. That‘s insufficient. You don‘t fall, though, you just... you get about halfway down, and you get really scared. [laughs] And you‘re just sort of holding on to the edge of the wall.
Travis: Aw.
Griffin: So you can try again if you wanna try and get down the rest of the way.
Travis: Nine plus... Six, 15?
Griffin: Okay! Yeah, you manage to get down. You other two?
Clint: Okay, I‘m gonna climb down.
Griffin: Okay! Just using the rock face?
Travis: I‘ll spot you.
Clint: 16.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you make it down. Taako? Are you gonna use your pickaxe?
Justin: Yeah, I‘m using my pickaxe.
Griffin: I‘ll give you advantage,  ̳cause I think that‘s a cool idea.
Justin: Thank you. Ooh, I got an 18, and a 16... with my athletics is zero, so 18.
Griffin: Nah, that‘s more than enough. Yeah, you all three get down and see this entrance moving into the back. It looks almost like it was carved into the cave. There‘s actually a lot of like, rubble lying around, almost like this cavern has been excavated. It‘s almost a perfect square, so you think that it was probably dug out to get people deeper into the Wave Echo Cave. So you can start to move down this, but you realize as you move along that this path is actually branching off and moving, almost like a labyrinth, into the cave. You guys run into a few dead-ends. You do a little bit of map- making, do a little bit of map-making and—
Clint: Oh, god, you need more blood?
Griffin: No, just normal maps.
Clint: Oh, whew!
Griffin: Not freaky dwarf blood maps.
Clint: Oh, good.
Griffin: And you manage to find your way through these caverns. And you hear this sound behind you as you make your way through, that almost sounds like... [rhythmic squishing sounds]
Clint: Behind us?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: There‘s either a duck coming or someone‘s farting.
Griffin: No, it‘s—sorry, I didn‘t do it good. Hold on, let me do a little bit of, um, foley work here. [quitter squishing sounds, but wetter this time]
Clint: Oh, it‘s definitely farting.
Travis: I think someone‘s having... like, some Go-Gurt.
Griffin: Oh god, I almost choked on that. Agh!
Travis: [laughs] You gotta be careful when D&D-ing.
Clint: When you‘re foleying.
Travis: It‘s a dangerous game.
Griffin: So you, uh... you‘re moving through these caverns and you hear that sound, almost like it is stalking you from behind.
Justin: Can I hear the sound again? Because I was just—
Griffin: Son of a bitch!
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: [more wet squishing sounds] How was that? Ugh.
Travis: That was good. Wait, if we stop moving, does the sound stop?
Griffin: No, it gets louder.
Travis: Okay, great. Hurry!
Clint: So we move a little bit, and what do we hear?
Griffin: You hear that sound that I‘m not gonna do a third goddamn time!
Clint: Aw, come on. One more, pleeease?
Griffin: Splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch!
Clint: Splooch splooch splooch! [laughs]
Travis: We gotta get out of this jack-off cave.
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: Why did we even come to a place called Jack-Off Cave?
Travis: What were we thinking?
Justin: I told you guys!
Griffin: So yeah, you guys can try and hoof it through the Jack-Off Cave...
Clint: How ‘bout if—is it possible we just wait, and see what‘s coming? Pardon my choice of words.
Travis: I say we keep going. And maybe a little bit faster!
[theme music plays]
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is your dungeon master, Griffin, with a quick non-canonical The Adventure Zone break. I'm gonna use this time in the show to catch you guys up on what‘s happening with the show, what‘s new, because it would be weird if Taako was like... [imitating Taako‘s voice] ―By the way, follow us on Facebook!‖ That‘s my Taako impression. Thank you all so, so, so much for your support in the launch of The Adventure Zone. We managed to climb up the iTunes numbers and have gotten a lot of really great reviews that have really helped us out since our launch a couple weeks ago, so we really do appreciate that a whole lot. You guys have been so kind and so supportive. Um, if you haven‘t done that yet, if you haven‘t left us an iTunes review, it really is super helpful for making sure that we are promoted on the podcast section of iTunes, which is like, so important when a show launches. Or if you can just tweet about the show, or tell a friend, uh, we‘ve got the hash tag that we cooked up, #TAZCast. Hopefully we‘ll find something a little bit more holistic than that someday. You can also follow us on Twitter @TheZoneCast, and keep up with all of the updates as we go. We‘re gonna launch another website on which we can post stuff like fan art and updated character sheets as the guys level up and change, for people who are interested in that stuff. If not, that‘s cool, you can just listen to the show and the goofs. Uh, if this is your first Maximum Fun podcast that you're listening to, welcome to the fold. There are a lot of other really great podcasts that you should take a moment to listen to. If you haven‘t listened to our other podcast, My Brother, My Brother, and Me, that might be in your wheelhouse. But there‘s a ton of other shows, too. Throwing Shade, Jordan, Jesse, GO!, Judge John Hodgman... seriously, like, over a dozen shows, all free, all really great. So make sure that you go give those a listen.
Uh, we‘re gonna try to include you guys in a few fun ways in the show in the future. So if you tweet about the show with the hash tag #TAZCast, we‘re actually gonna name a few NPCs after people who do that, so that might be fun. I also have this idea for like, building an in-game shop with merchandise that you guys create. I'm still formulating. Still percolating that.
If you can't tell, I'm really, really excited about this show, and I have a ton of ideas for the campaign and stuff that we can all do together. We can make you guys part of the adventure. So I'm really excited about that opportunity. Anyway, let‘s get back to the show. Thanks again for listening, and for sharing the show, and uh, enjoy the rest of this jizz tunnel adventure.
[theme music plays]
Griffin: So the three of you have emerged from the Jerk-Off Cave, and you are very happy to be out of that particular place.
Clint: [laughing] Well, yeah!
Griffin: And you find yourself on this large stone ledge, sort of a stone outcropping, that is just sort of a natural part of the cave. Overlooking about—quite a ways down, about 10 stories down actually, a giant spring filled with... well, spring water, that is enormous—
Travis: Is this like a diving board?
Griffin: It‘s shimmering. It‘s not a diving board, no. It‘s more of like a ledge. You‘re just standing on it. It‘s floor. Above the spring is a giant stalactite that is actually glowing much, much brighter than the walls of the cave, which, remember, are sort of... have a natural shimmer.
Justin: So wait, are we still in the cave?
Griffin: Yeah,yeah.
Justin: You said we left the cave!
Travis: We just left the Jerk-Off portion.
Griffin: You left the Jerk-Off... Tunnel. Let‘s—you know what, you‘re right Justin. That‘s my fault as a DM, I should watch my parlance. It was a Jerk- Off tunnel.
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: So we‘re out of Jerk-Off Tunnel.
Griffin: You‘re out of Jerk-Off Canyon. Listen, a cave can be made up of all kinds of sorts of different things! Springs...
Travis: Some of them having nothing to do with jerking off!
Griffin: Yeah!
Justin: You‘ve never seen me in a cave!
Travis: [laughs]
Griffin: That‘s probably true.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: He‘s just... his... hold on, is this funny? Spe-spunker? Like a spelunker, but like...
Clint: [laughing]
Justin: No, I don‘t think that‘s actually funny at all.
Magnus: Hey—hey Taako? Hey Merle?
Merle: Yeah?
Magnus: Should I jump in this spring?
Griffin: Well, it‘s 10 stories down, so you‘d almost certainly die.
Travis: I recognize that. Should I jump in there?
Justin: Nah, don‘t do it.
Clint: Nah, not yet.
Justin: Don‘t do it.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: So you actually realize that, periodically, every few minutes or so, a single drop of water sort of forms on the stalactite, as stalactite drops of water are wont to do, and falls into this spring. And when it does, it actually causes this disproportionately enormous wave from the outside. Sort of just like a ripple that moves very, very quickly and just sort of pushes up against the walls of the cave and comes flying up with like, absolutely tremendous force. Some of that water actually manages to get up onto the outcropping that you‘re standing on, which you actually now realize is blanketed in this carpet of fungus. But it‘s not like any fungus you‘ve ever seen before. It‘s these shimmering, beautiful, multicolored mushrooms that you are sort of standing and looking at from the exit of Jerk-Off Tunnel. And they‘re absolutely beautiful. They‘re beautiful mushrooms. And on the other side of the ledge is a wooden elevator. Sort of a lift, leading down to a path, sort of circling the... circling the spring.
Travis: Do any of you have a nature skill? Could you check out those mushrooms, see if you know anything about them?
Clint: Hmm...
Justin: Hmm... Uh, yes, I‘m plus three for nature!
Griffin: Okay. You can make a nature check if you want.
Taako: I‘d like to make a nature check.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: No, wait a minute, that was Justin saying that. I‘d like to make a nature check.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Oh no, he‘s becoming one!
Griffin: You‘ve never seen—oh, go ahead. 22, that was really, really good. You‘ve never seen these mushrooms before, you don‘t really—
Justin: Sorry, 22.
Griffin: You—yeah. You‘ve never—
Justin: They should be fucking named after me.
Griffin: [laughs]
Travis: [laughs]
Griffin: You‘ve never seen—
Taako: Oh, these, these are the Taako mushrooms!
Travis: You get a book published about these mushrooms.
Taako: Taakoshroomgobus.
Clint: Taako-stools!
Taako: Taakostools! Everybody—
Clint: Taako stools, that sounds nasty.
Griffin: [laughing] Oh, man. I actually got a Crunchwrap Supreme at Taco Bell the other day that gave me the taco stools. It was really bad. So you don‘t—you‘ve never seen these mushrooms before, you‘re not sure what they are. But you did notice, actually, that as you exited the tunnel, and are sort of standing over this carpet of mushrooms, that they actually seem to react to your presence, somehow. They sort of swelled up a little bit as soon as you entered the room. And as soon as you sort of started talking, some of them started shuddering, a little bit, some of them started rattling a little bit. So you don‘t know what they are, but you did notice that they had some sort of like, sort of natural, biological response to just the three of you being there.
Magnus: Hail and well-met, mushrooms!
Griffin: As you say that, Travis, to the mushrooms, a group of them right below you shoot a cloud of spores straight upwards in your direction. So I need you to make a constitution saving throw.
Travis: No, that‘s just their way of saying hello!
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: Uh, an ele—constitution, you say?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: 13.
Griffin: M‘kay. You sort of... you sniffle. You get the sniffles but you‘re fine.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Bless you.
Magnus: [whispering] Shhh, everyone be quiet!
Griffin: Actually, as you said that, like, a little bit, a little cloud of spores just kinda shot up to your ankles but then came right back down.
Justin: Okay, uh, what—
Magnus: Guys, I think there‘s something with the mushrooms!
Griffin: You did it again and they just sort of—
Taako: [whispering] Stop!
Griffin: [whispering] They get a little bit—
Clint: Okay, listen, I‘m gonna point at the elevator.
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: What are you guys‘ nat—I should—I need your character sheets, so I can just know this stuff off-hand and not ruin the mystery, but what are your guys‘ passive perception skills?
Travis: Uhh... passive is, uhh...
Clint: Mine‘s three.
Griffin: No, your passive perception would be... I think it‘s 10. 10 plus your perception modifier.
Clint: Then mine‘s 13.
Justin: 13.
Griffin: Travis?
Travis: Mine is nine.
Griffin: Nine? Okay. I want Merle and Taako to go ahead and make perception checks for me.
Travis: I‘ll just sit over here and whistle.
Justin: Uh, 17 for me.
Clint: Uh, 12 for me.
Griffin: Okay, Justin, you actually notice—
Taako: Sorry, I don‘t know a Justin!
Griffin: [laughs] Sorry, what‘s—
Travis: He‘s losing his sense of self!
Griffin: Let‘s part the kimono a little bit.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: It‘s been actually like a month or so since the last time we played. Taako! You notice, hanging from the ceiling... actually, I should say it was on the ceiling, now it is falling. A giant black blob mass that is now plummeting right on top of where Magnus is standing. And it is in the process of falling, looking like it‘s attacking him, and it makes a sound like... [squishing sounds]
Travis: Oh, it‘s Goosher! He was my favorite folk hero growing up.
Clint: I would... well...
Justin: Well, it‘s coming at Magnus.
Travis: You didn‘t see shit, Merle!
Justin: I‘m the one who sees it.
Clint: Oh, that‘s right, you saw it.
Travis: Can I see the look of panic on his face and dodge out of the way?
Griffin: Does he make a panicked... it‘s all up to Taako. We‘re roleplaying now.
Justin: How close am I to Magnus?
Griffin: I don‘t know, I mean, you guys just exited this tunnel. You‘re probably relatively close. You‘re probably just checking out the sights as you are on this ledge.
Clint: Well, while he makes up his mind, may I make one comment?
Griffin: Yeah.
Merle: Magnus, are those new boots?
Magnus: They are new boots! Thank you. I crafted them while you were napping.
Merle: Those look really good!
Griffin: Both of you guys make constitution saving throws for me.
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: Oh, you dullards! That‘s to Dad and Travis.
Travis: 17.
Clint: 22. No, 21, 21.
Griffin: You‘re still fine.
Clint: Whew!
Griffin: I‘m gonna need you to make up your mind, or else I‘m gonna—
Justin: I cast—I cast ray of frost on the blob.
Griffin: You‘re gonna try and hit it while it‘s falling from the ceiling?
Justin: It‘s a cantrip, I‘m gonna hit it. Ray of frost to the blob.
Griffin: Alright, I like this. Alright—
Travis: And I‘m gonna say that as soon as he raises his hands and I see a ray of frost coming at me, I‘m going to di—I‘m going to dive down.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: I don‘t think... I mean you‘re not gonna know exactly what‘s going on. You just see Taako sort of spin on his heels and volley a ray of frost at this falling object.
Travis: That‘s why I‘m saying I‘m gonna move. I don‘t want to get hit by a ray of frost!
Justin: You don‘t see this happening!
Griffin: No, nobody does. Except for Taako. Taako, this is gonna be—I‘m gonna—this is gonna be a hard shot. I‘m actually gonna give you disadvantage on this attack, because this thing is falling at terminal velocity.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: So that means you roll twice on the attack, and you use the—
Clint: Take the lowest.
Griffin: You use the worst, yeah.
Justin: Okay, I got a 18.
Griffin:  ̳Kay.
Justin: What do I add to this, Griffin? Add to my roll?
Griffin: Your—I think it‘s plus five. It‘s your spellcasting modifier plus your proficiency bonus.
Clint: So, 23?
Justin: It‘s a 23, and... 10.
Griffin: 10.
Travis: Aw, dip.
Griffin: Wait, remind me how ray of frost works, is it just an attack on their AC?
Justin: It is a... ―On a hit it does 1d8 cold damage, and its speed is reduced by 10 feet until the start of your next turn.‖
Griffin: Okay! So you manage to get a hit off. Why don‘t you go ahead and roll damage on it?
Justin: Nice.
Griffin: We‘ll count this as a surprise round I guess.
Justin: Three.
Griffin: Just three damage?
Justin: Yep.
Griffin: That‘s not very much damage... So you hit it.
Justin: Nice!
Griffin: It doesn‘t freeze it, but it does sort of push it back a little bit, and it lands with a very, very loud splooch directly behind Magnus. Who now, I assume, is aware of its presence.
Travis: Now, wouldn‘t the amount of noise it makes... alert the mushrooms?
Griffin: It actually didn‘t! That‘s weird that you noticed that. Very perceptive of you, though. Are you sure that you only have a nine passive perception?  ̳Cause it seems like you have—
Travis: Well, I perceive it, but I don‘t get it.
Griffin: Seems like you‘ve got your wits about you.
Clint: How big is the splooge wet spot?
Griffin: That‘s the worst sentence I‘ve ever heard you say out loud.
Clint: Hey, it‘s your terminology, pal!
Griffin: It‘s not... it‘s about the size of you, actually. It‘s about dwarf- height. It‘s a big production. And now that the shit done popped off, as we DMs like to say, let‘s all roll initiative! You guys remember how to do that?
Travis: Well, hold on! Maybe he‘s not gonna attack us, maybe he just wants to be our gooshy buddy.
Griffin: No, he‘s definitely not gonna be your gooshy buddy.
Travis: Okay...
Griffin: You guys will have to be each other‘s gooshy buddies.
Travis: I got 19.
Clint: Eugh.
Justin: Five for me.
Clint: Ohh. [laughs] I got, uh, four.
Travis: You guys need to get some initiative.
Griffin: Alright! First in the order is everyone‘s favorite fighter, Magnus Burnsides.
Travis: Is that me?
Clint: Goforit.
Griffin: Yup.
Travis: First...
Griffin: You are standing right next to this thing. I would say, Merle and Taako, you guys are about 10 feet away.
Clint: Okay, so this is like sentient, right? This is— this is not just like—
Griffin: This is a sentient—
Clint: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: —um, ochre jelly is what it is. It‘s not a gelatinous blob, or a gelatinous cube. You would know that it‘s a gelatinous cube.
Travis: I‘d be dead.
Griffin: They‘re cube-shaped, also.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: This isn‘t a cube, it‘s just sort of a mound. A round pound of sound.
Travis: Um, I‘m... I am going to, uhh, attack him!
Griffin:  ̳Kay.
Travis: With—with my battleaxe, two handed.
Griffin: Sweet ass.
Travis: Thanks! I got... a nine.
Griffin: That‘s actually enough to hit its armor class.
Travis: Sweet! And then I do 1d8... Seven plus four... so I did, uh... oh! ‘Scuse me, pardon... no, we‘ll go with that. 11.
Griffin: 11. Bad news. Some people might actually call it terrible news. He has a strength against slashing damage. So that‘s the first. There‘s two discrete pieces of bad news. That was the first. So, he‘s actually only gonna take half damage from that. That‘s a good clean hit, though! Also, whenever the ochre jelly takes slashing damage, it splits into two new jellies—
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: —if it has at least 10 hit points. So now you have two jellies!
Travis: Now, Griffin, why didn‘t you tell me that before I did it?
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: You should‘a known better.
Travis: You could‘ve helped a brother out and just told me, like, ―Hey, don‘t slash this guy!‖
Griffin: If you were making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and you drop some jelly on the counter, are you gonna take a knife and just start cutting at it? You dumb son of a bitch?
Travis: It‘s all I‘ve got! What am I gonna do, shoot him with an arrow? Griffin: It‘s—that‘s piercing damage! That would have been preferable, certainly!
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Well, you got double jellies now.
Travis: Then I‘m gonna now move out of the way.
Justin: You‘re not gonna do anything! You‘re done.
Travis: No, I can attack and now I‘m gonna retreat back to you guys. And get away from it.
Griffin: M‘kay. Are you gonna stand in front of them, like a brave fighter, or are you gonna...
Travis: More to the side, like, showing that we‘re all in this together.
Griffin: M‘kay. Great. It‘s now the double jellies‘ turn. One of the jellies just sort of waddles over to...
Justin: Please keep in mind that its—its speed is reduced. By 10 feet.
Griffin: Oh shit, that‘s a good point, Justin! I‘ll say that one of their speed is reduced by 10 feet.
Justin: I think that‘s BS, but okay.
Travis: [laughs]
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Okay, no, you‘re right. Both of them have a speed of 10 feet, which you have just reduced to zero feet.
Clint: Oof!
Griffin: So one of them just sort of sits there and shudders about. The other one sort of melts around some of the fungus on the floor and sort of absorbs it up into its mass. So now it‘s got some fungus sort of floating around in there. But neither of them are capable of hitting from that far away. So... you guys are safe. Good play, Justin. Good Dungeons & Dragons- ing.
Justin: Thank you.
Griffin: Next in the order, who rolled a five? Was that you, Taako?
Justin: That was me.
Travis: You‘re a great wizard.
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re super good at wizards!
Justin: Thanks. I‘m gonna do magic missile since we got two cats here.
Travis: We have cats now?
Justin: No, I mean, they‘re things. I‘m gonna use two darts on the one on the left, and one dart on the one on the right, from my perspective.
Griffin: M‘kay. And how does that work again?
Justin: I create three glowing darts of magical force, each dart hits a creature of your choice within range that you can see. A dart deals 1d4 plus 1 force damage to the target.
Griffin: Okay. Do you just wanna roll one—one damage dice for all three?
Justin: Well, let‘s see how that goes.
Travis: Yeah, if it‘s a good roll...
Justin: If it‘s a good roll...
Griffin: Well, that‘s not how we—listen, that‘s a shitty house rule. That‘s a—
Justin: Good news, it‘s four! So yes, one roll for all three will be just fine.
Griffin: [laughs] Okay. Remind me how you distributed them again?
Justin: Basically, that‘ll be 10 force damage to the one on the left, and five force damage to the one on the right.
Griffin: Okay. And the one on the right is the one that had the mushrooms up in its... girth.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: M‘kay. Cool! Next in the order is... Merle.
Travis: [whispers] Don‘t slash them!
Clint: I‘m gonna cast sacred flame. I‘m gonna cast sacred flame on the one on the right with all the fungi.
Griffin: Sacred flame means they make a dodge, right?
Clint: ―The target must succeed on a dexterity saving throw.‖ Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah. Against your spellcasting modifier, which is plus—it‘s just 13. So they have to beat a 13. Guys, you won‘t believe this... dexterity? Not these goddamn jellies‘ strong point.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: And you‘re doing this on the one on the right, right?
Clint: Yeah. The one with the fungus.
Griffin: Oh, goddamn, that‘s a 19 though! That is gonna do it. That jelly just made the save of its lifetime.
Clint: [groans]
Griffin: So you don‘t do it. You do burn away a bit of the carpet of fungi around that one on the right, so he‘s not gonna be eating any more  ̳shrooms until he starts moving around.
Clint: Well good. I hope I‘ve made their friendship.
Griffin: Back to the top of the order! That‘s you, Magnus.
Travis: Hey guys... I don‘t think we‘re ready for this jelly.
Griffin: Travis, I need you to make a constitution saving thr—
Travis: No, that was to—that was to Justin and Dad. That wasn‘t as Magnus.
Griffin: Are you... I don‘t think so!
Travis: Magnus doesn‘t make bad jokes like that, Griffin, he‘s got self-respect!
Griffin: You kinda had like a tone in your voice, that made it sound like that‘s—
Travis: You know it‘s Magnus  ̳cause it‘s much more like... [gruff voice] Harf harf harf harf harf!
Griffin: You‘re never done that! You‘ve never done that voice! [laughing]
Travis: I think we all know that that‘s how Magnus sounds. Look in your heart.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: We are reaching—
Clint: Maybe it‘s  ̳cause you were so distracted.
Griffin: We are reaching the Tom Hanks event horizon, where Travis just is Magnus, and I—I guess he like—
Travis: We are all Magnus.
Griffin: —kills himself in a cave somewhere? Okay. Uh. Okay. So go ahead and play Dungeons & Dragons.
Travis: Okay. I am going to shoot my shortbow, then.
Griffin: ‘Kay. At which one?
Travis: At the one with the fungus in him.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: Okay... And I got... oh, critical miss.
Griffin: [imitating  ̳The Price is Right‘ losing horn] Bwamp bwamp bwaaamp.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: I did bad.
Griffin: Yeah, you did a very bad job.
Travis: I‘m bad at games.
Griffin: You actually... yeah, you miss really bad. It goes flying off the ledge into the water.
Magnus: My favorite arrow!
Griffin: Yep. Yep. You got that arrow signed, by... by fantasy Burt Bacharach. He‘s your favorite. Next in the order is the jellies, who are now going to move and do stuff. One of them waddles up to Merle—
Clint: Are you sure it‘s not Taako‘s turn?
Griffin: Yeah, I‘m a 100% sure.
Clint: Okay. Alright, sorry.
Griffin: One of them waddles up to Merle and sort of—
Travis: [makes squishing sounds]
Griffin: —uh, starts to stand on its legs—
Justin: [laughing] Wholly unpleasant.
Griffin: —stand on its gelatinous legs and sort of form a pod. A big meaty, jelly fist.
Justin: Griffin, how much do these things look like the creature from Flubber?
Griffin: Oh, I‘m sorry, that‘s actually the original name. The book says to call them Flubber but I wanted to avoid any sort of—
Justin: Copyright? Right.
Griffin: Any sort of trademark disputes. So it forms a sort of gelatinous fist with some of its mass and sort of tries to smash into Merle.
Travis: I‘m gonna use my protection thing.
Griffin: Okay. So that forces disadvantage?
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: That‘s good, because I rolled an 18, which would have been... 22. Instead, it is a... 17 plus four, which is 21, which I assume is gonna hit.
Magnus: You‘re welcome, Merle. Glad I could help.
Griffin: Merle, you take... goddamn it, I rolled two ones! You take four bludgeoning damage, plus three acid damage. That‘s—
Clint: Seven.
Justin: Seven.
Griffin: Wow. Yeah, forgot to maybe scale these guys down a little bit. These are them level five monsters I was talking about earlier.
Travis: Now, Merle took seven?
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Clint: I took seven?
Griffin: Yeah!
Clint: Ow!
Justin: I was wondering why you didn‘t look more concerned about that.
Clint: I guess because I thought it was you! [laughs]
Justin: No, I‘m the one that‘s named after Mexican foodstuffs.
Clint: Bad daddy... and I‘m named after Merle Haggard, of course.
Justin: Perfect.
Griffin: The right jelly will make a path for a wall that it‘s relatively close to, sort of gobbling up  ̳shrooms as it goes, and starts to actually climb up the wall of the cave, heading back up towards the ceiling.
Travis: Coward!
Griffin: And that‘s what he‘s going to do with his turn. Next up is Taako.
Justin: So, how are these—how are these—how are they looking right now, if I look at the two of them...
Griffin: You got one—
Justin: In terms of condition.
Griffin: You‘ve got one right up against you guys that had just smashed Merle. It looks pretty puny, looks pretty weak. As you guys are sort of blasting them with magic and the attacks that have landed on them, you‘re just sort of splattering parts of them away. The one that just attacked Merle is pretty puny. The one that‘s scaling the wall is actually pretty big, still. Still pretty huge. It‘s got a bunch of those mushrooms floating around. There‘s something, actually, now that he‘s up against this glowing wall, you can sort of see through him a little bit, and there‘s actually a larger figure sort of in the healthier-looking, beefier one that‘s climbing the wall. So if you were to con them, you‘d say that the one that just attacked Merle is probably a little closer to the ropes.
Justin: Alright. I‘m gonna hit him with a ray of frost.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: 19.
Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Justin: Seven.
Griffin: Uhh, you hit him for seven damage?
Justin: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: That was a good attack!
Magnus: Hey, you did a good job, Taako.
Justin: Thank—
Taako: Thank you, I‘m all magicked out! I‘ll take my constitution check now.
Griffin: He is—oh yeah! Yeah, sorry, go ahead. Roll a die.
Taako: It‘s a 15.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re fine. Wow, these are good constitution saving throws you guys are doing!
Travis: We‘re very constituted.
Griffin: I guess that‘s true! The jelly is frozen completely solid.
Travis: Are they strong or weak against stomping damage?
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: There‘s only one way to find out! After Taako is Merle.
Justin: Okay, Merle left to take a call. I‘ve been covering for Merle.
Griffin: Oh, come on! You‘re ruined the—you‘ve ruined the fohn-tasy.
Travis: There‘s no cellphones in Dungeons & Dragons.
Griffin: Uhh, so everyone‘s back? Everyone ready?
Clint: We are all back.
Griffin: I hear somebody‘s Pepsi Max bubbling up. I hear the—
Justin: It‘s a Surge!
Clint: It‘s a Surge, actually.
Griffin: Are you k—are you kidding me—
Clint: And it‘s the color of windshield wiper fluid!
Griffin: Well yeah, it‘s—
Justin: It‘s the most Dungeons & Dragons thing I could think to drink.
Griffin: Yeah, good job.
Travis: ―And Justin didn‘t sleep for six days.‖
Griffin: You really split the uprights. Justin, I‘m actually gonna give you a point of inspiration for drinking Surge while we play Dungeons & Dragons.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Go ahead and write that down on your character sheet.
Justin: I don‘t know what that‘s for...
Griffin: You can use that whenever you want to gain advantage on a roll. Okay. Taa—uh, Merle, sorry, it‘s your turn. You got one frozen goo ball right in front of you, and you got one climbing up the walls.
Clint: Okay, and I‘m—wasn‘t paying attention. You talked about the condition of the two of ‘em?
Griffin: One is frozen solid right in front of you, and the other one—
Clint: The other one‘s up the wall.
Griffin: —is climbing up the wall.
Clint: Alright. Then I‘m gonna cast... sacred flame on the one climbing up the wall.
Griffin: Okay! So it makes a check, a dexterity check against 13. That‘s a nine, plus... sorry, minus two! That‘s a seven. So yeah, that‘s a hit.
Clint: Seven...
Griffin: Good hit.
Justin: A palpable hit.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay, he takes the hit, sort of loses some of his goo, just sort of streaks down the wall. Just a bunch of streaky goo.
Justin: Streaks on the China.
Griffin: We can‘t do a crossover Mr. Belvedere jerk-off reference. Okay, top of the order. Magnus.
Travis: I wanna kick the frozen one.
Griffin: Okay!
Travis: I‘m gonna try and—I want to kick him over the edge of the ledge. Griffin: Okay! Go ahead and make a... kick check, I guess.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: Would that be a strength check?
Griffin: That would be an unarmed strike. So, uh...
Clint: And we call that a Pelé, Griffin.
Griffin: Are you proficient in unarmed, do you know?
Travis: Um, I have a plus six in unarmed.
Griffin: No, you don‘t.
Travis: I do!
Griffin: Is this pre-nerf? Is this before I patched you?
Travis: Let me see... hold on...
Griffin: No, it‘s fine. Plus six. Cool, do it.
Travis: Um, so I got an 11.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, that does it.  ̳Cause the thing... is dead, but you... you did a—
Justin: He really showed him!
Griffin: You really, really drove the point home that you guys are nothing to fuck with.
Travis: Well you never said he was dead, you just said he was frozed!
Justin: So what happens to the blob?
Griffin: It‘s gone, it‘s just—it‘s turned into snow. It turned into beautiful snow, and the snow is swirling all around you.
Merle: [singing] Let it go, let it goooo!
Griffin: Dad, I need you to make a constitution saving throw for me.
Clint: [laughs] Ah... aw, great. Uhh... five. A five.
Travis: That‘s what you get.
Griffin: That‘s not gonna do it. Uh, you are going to take 1d4 poison damage!
Clint: Great.
Justin: It was worth it.
Griffin: A two.
Clint: Alright.
Justin: When I look at the snow, I say...
Taako: That‘s how we do!
Griffin: And then you make a—
Justin: I‘ll take my constitution saving throw now.
Clint: [laughs]
Clint: [laughs] [laughs]
Justin: That‘s a 22. 21, sorry, 21.
Travis: And I yell...
Magnus: Guys, stop talking!
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Travis, make a constitution saving throw.
Clint: [laughing]
Travis: Uh, I got a six.
Griffin: A six. Yeah, you‘re gonna take 1d4 poison damage.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: That‘s a one.
Justin: I shriek in terror, seeing him poisoned!
Griffin: [laughing] You take a constitution saving throw!
Justin: Uhh, 15!
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re fine. Uh, the jelly is gonna take its—
Magnus: We have to keep it down, the fungus is reacting to the sound of our voice!
Griffin: [laughing]
Travis: [laughing] Uh, that is a seven!
Griffin: Okay! That‘s a three, that‘s three poison damage, on top of the one that you took. Okay. So if everybody‘s done with these monkeyshines...
Clint: Ow.
Griffin: You weren‘t supposed to die in this room!
Clint: We‘re not real good at this.
Griffin: Actually, while you guys were doing all that, you lost sight of the jelly scaling the wall.
Justin: Cool, cool.
Griffin: And instead, you just sort of hear the sound of gooshing above you.
Travis: Well, another successful battle.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Actually, you‘re still in order! Next in the order is Taako.
Justin: Uh... can I make a perception check?
Griffin: Yeah, sure, if you want.
Justin: See if I see it. Well I got a five anyway, so let‘s not even...
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Mess around. Um... I cast, uh...
Griffin: You can make an attack on a creature you can‘t see, it‘s just very hard. Or you can try and illuminate it somehow.
Justin: Yeah, I‘m not gonna do that. I am going to do prestidigitation, and just... shoot some sparks up in the air.
Griffin: Hell yeah.
Justin: To try to catch a glimpse of it.
Griffin: Shoot some Bubba Sparxxx? Okay. You don‘t need to do a roll for sparks.
Justin: No, I‘m actually just shooting—I‘m gonna shake up a can of sparks, and I‘m gonna spray it in the air to see if it hits the slime guy.
Griffin: Do you wanna do that, or do you wanna do the fireworks thing?
Justin: I‘ll do the fireworks thing.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, yeah, Taako launches a volley—
Justin: They‘re silent fireworks!
Griffin: —of silent fireworks—
Travis: But deadly.
Griffin: —into the sky, and they burst, and then sort of just, like, freeze- frame up there. It‘s really cool. And because of that, you can actually see the mass of it sort of directly above Taako.
Travis: Cool, cool.
Clint: Merle says...
Merle: Ooh, pretty!
Justin: No, he doesn‘t.
Griffin: And you take a constitution saving throw.
Clint: Oh. Right.
Justin: You can‘t die in here!
Clint: 18.
Griffin: Okay. Uhh... cool.
Justin: No, 20! ‘Cause you rolled an 18 plus two.
Clint: Oh, 20.
Griffin: Next in the order is you, Merle. This thing is about—it‘s on the ceiling about 20 feet up.
Clint: And now I can see it.
Travis: Is it like one of those sticky toys that you throw up and we can see it starting to like peel off?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Clint: I gotta—I have to try sacred flame one more time.
Justin: Are you gonna burn all your spell slots, though?
Griffin: Sacred flame is a cantrip, I think.
Justin: Is it a cantrip, Dad, or is it a spell slot?
Clint: Yeah, it‘s a cantrip.
Justin: Oh, okay! Well yeah, go for it. What‘s the—wait, what‘s the range on that, though? 20 feet?
Clint: 60 feet.
Justin: Oh, go—flame away!
Travis: Why don‘t you flame the bad guys in the other cave?
Griffin: [laughs] Yeah, why don‘t you just flame your way thr—out of this adventure? Go ahead and flame the final boss!
Travis: Just hit Klarg!
Clint: I just thought maybe making it competitive was a good idea!
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Blast him!
Clint: Um—
Griffin: I‘m making a check.
Clint: I hit him with sacred flame.
Griffin: Cool. I rolled a four. So that‘s just... I‘m not even gonna bother. So I subtract two from that. So, bad.
Clint: Okay. So am I rolling damage?
Griffin: Uh-huh.
Travis: Yep.
Clint: Seven, plus...
Griffin: Nothing.
Clint: No, it‘s seven.
Griffin: Yup. Okay. You do that, you blow a lot of his gunk off. And it sort of rains down actually on you and Taako. Why don‘t you guys actually make reflex checks to see if you can sort of dodge this rain shower of ochre jelly jizz‘m that you‘ve just showered all over the two of you?
Clint: Oh please, tell me—
Justin: Now, Griff, I don‘t see a reflex on here...
Griffin: Oh, sorry, it would just be a dexterity saving throw.
Clint: You better do it,  ̳cause I‘m minus one on dexterity.
Griffin: Well you‘re both gonna do it.
Travis: He can‘t reflex for you, Dad. That‘s not how reactions work.
Clint: [laughing] That‘s a good point. Uhh, 16.
Justin: 22.
Griffin: Yeah, cool! You‘re both safe. You— it‘s like the Matrix. You just sort of dodge the jizz‘m. It‘s like that one scene in the Matrix where they all dodge the jizz‘m.
Travis: [laughs]
Clint: That was Matrixxx. That was Matrix with three X‘s.
Justin: [laughing]
Travis: [laughs] Is there anything I can kick?
Griffin: No, but it is your turn.
Clint: You with the kicking!
Travis: Got these new boots!
Griffin: The ochre jelly on the ceiling looks like it‘s just sort of... just sort of a few fluid ounces.
Clint: Merle uses hand signals to tell Magnus he should shoot it.
Travis: Wait, hold on. You had mentioned earlier there was a figure in the jelly.
Griffin: I mean, it‘s not a few fluid ounces, it‘s still—
Travis: Is there still—
Griffin: I was being hyperbolic.
Travis: Does it look kinda— is it like a Krang situation?
Griffin: Oh, where there‘s like a brain inside?
Travis: Well, is there like, a smaller person inside of it? Is it a thing—
Griffin: At this point, there‘s so little jelly remaining, you can actually make out the shape of a... humanoid figure inside of it.
Travis: Cool, cool. Um...
Griffin: It doesn‘t look like it‘s operating it from the inside-out, though. Krang-like.
Travis: I see.
Justin: Ooh.
Travis: Oh, maybe it‘s being digested. I‘m—all I‘m gonna do, is I‘m gonna move... well, not all I‘m gonna do, but I am going to stand underneath it with my shield raised—
Griffin: Hell yeah.
Travis: —and get ready to catch it as it falls.
Griffin: Dig it. Cool. Well that‘s, on his turn, that‘s actually exactly what he‘s gonna do. He‘s gonna come down hard, though, so let‘s do a strength contest to see if you can withstand the blow. Of the jelly. I‘m just gonna—
Travis: Am I just rolling?
Griffin: Yeah, you‘ll do a check and and you‘ll add your strength modifier to it, and that‘s what I‘ll do too, and the winner... [sings] The winner takes it all! I rolled a 13 plus two, 15.
Travis: I rolled a 21.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you take the full weight of the jelly and just sort of easily cast it aside a few feet away from where you‘re standing. Ah, and that... is it for the jelly turn!
Justin: Is it Taako?
Griffin: Yep. Taako time!
Justin: Ray of frost. Here it comes.
Travis: Pew!
Justin: Count it. That‘s a... [growls]
Travis: Was it like, a high number?
Justin: I missed.
Griffin: What‘d you get? His armor class is a joke.
Justin: It‘s a one.
Griffin: Oh. Well that‘s a miss no matter what.
Justin: Well, one plus five, six.
Griffin: Nope, it doesn‘t—you can‘t add anything to a one.
Travis: You shoot out crushed ice.
Justin: Wait, why—
Travis: And the jelly enjoys a cold beverage.
Griffin: Sorry—
Justin: Why can‘t I add anything to a one?
Griffin: A one is a critical miss. No matter what, it misses. There‘s no— there‘s no fixing it. Yeah. So a little bit of... two ice cubes come out.
Travis: You ran out of coolant.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Taako shouts...
Taako: Fuck!
Griffin: And you make a constitution saving throw.
Justin: Uh, 12.
Griffin: Okay, that‘s fine. Next in the order is... Merle.
Travis: [whispering] You should kick it!
Clint: Okay. I‘ve already established that it‘s—what‘s the—okay, so there‘s a difference between—when you—what did you hit it with originally, Trav, that split it in two?
Travis: That was my axe. Slashing damage.
Clint: So that‘s slashing. We haven‘t tried bludgeoning it, have we?
Griffin: No.
Clint: I‘m gonna hit it with my warhammer.
Travis: We also haven‘t tried hugging it. I‘m just saying guys, maybe there‘s a peaceful option.
Clint: I will very flirtatiously hit it with my warhammer.
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: Okay. The jelly—
Travis: With kind of like a wink and a hip wiggle?
Griffin: You actually—you hear the jelly go, ―Mmm!‖
Travis: [laughs] That must be jam,  ̳cause jelly don‘t shake like that!
Clint: [laughs] 22!
Griffin: Oh yeah. And then you roll 1d8 plus two.
Clint: 10!
Griffin: Whoa, you rolled max damage?
Clint: I did.
Griffin: Damn. The jelly just sort of splatters. And you actually send the fungus that it had ingested, which, by the way, was healing it the entire time you were fighting it. And you send a dwarven figure just flying.
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: Out of the jelly. It rolls for about 10 or 15 feet and stops just shy of going flying off the ledge. And you guys are out of combat. Congratulations, you‘ve solved my jelly puzzle!
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: You have solved my puzzle of jam.
Travis: Wait, was the solution ―kill it‖?
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: He didn‘t say it was a hard puzzle.
Magnus: It was a very sticky situation!
Travis: I‘ll make a constitution check.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: That was Magnus saying that.
Griffin: Oh, okay! I would‘ve taken just you saying that, but that‘s fine.
Travis: 13.
Griffin: 13, you‘re fine.
Travis: Sometimes Magnus makes puns, sometimes Travis makes puns. It
depends on who‘s got the wheel at the second.
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: [laughs] There‘s actually a pretty big patch where the jelly has—the jellies, I should say, consumed a lot of the fungus. So you can safely stand there and talk at—with your outside voices if you want. If you feel like it.
Clint: Is it possible to gather up... the fungus for future use?
Griffin: If you wanna try and pick some of the fungus, I‘ll—
Travis: No, it‘s the poison! Hold on.
Magnus: Merle—
Griffin: I‘ll let you do it with a nature check if you want.
Clint: What‘s an age check?
Griffin: Nature.
Justin: Nature check.
Clint: Nature check. I‘m terrible at nature.
Griffin: Okay. Um—
Justin: I‘ll try it! 18!
Griffin: 18! Yeah, you grab some mushrooms. They‘re not glowing anymore when you pick them up, and then you sort of ponder the nature of, like, life. You sort of ponder like the circle of life, and nature, and what—it‘s sort of like this perfect reflection of what we humans are doing to our ecosystem. It‘s really tragic, you guys.
Justin: Does it have any healing properties? That‘s all I need to know about.
Griffin: Uh, I‘ve got some Netflix documentaries I want you guys to watch...
Justin: [wheezes]
Griffin: Does it have healing properties? I mean, goddamn, there‘s one way to find out, isn‘t there?
Travis: Or psychedelic properties.
Justin: I hand the mushroom to—over to Merle, and I say...
Taako: Hey, you look rough. You took some serious damage in that fight. Maybe just give this a whirl.
Travis: [laughs] ―Trust me, I‘m a wizard.‖
Merle: Yeah. I ought to eat one and see what happens.
Taako: You should eat one!
Clint: Alright. I‘m gonna eat one of the mushrooms.
Griffin: Uncooked?
Clint: Yeah!
Justin: Yeah, so he can get the healing benefits!
Clint: Yeah! What are you, a heathen?
Justin: He wants it raw!
Clint: What would Anthony Bourdain do?
Griffin: He would eat the weird... jizz mushroom. [laughing] Off the cave floor.
Clint: [laughing] I am painting myself into a terrible corner.
Griffin: And do you know why Anthony Bourdain would eat that jizz mushroom?
Clint: ... Why?
Griffin:  ̳Cause he‘s got no reservations.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: That‘s also why he can‘t get dinner at a reasonable hour.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Tell me what to roll to see if it kills me.
Griffin: No, you just uh... you just eat it.
Clint: I eat the mushroom!
Griffin: It tastes amazing. And it feels... like, you feel like a buzz like you just drank a 12-ounce glass of delicious Surge, but it doesn‘t patch your wounds, unfortunately.
Clint: Aw, great.
Griffin: But I can‘t stress this enough, it was really delicious. You think maybe the water that was sort of nurturing these mushrooms was, uh, had some sort of picante sp—oh, I shouldn‘t say picante, because then Taako‘s gonna think that this is his moment. That they‘ve wandered into a salsa cavern.
Travis: Is it continuing to drip and flow up over the edge?
Griffin: Oh yeah, yeah. It‘s not flowing up onto the edge, it‘s sort of crashing against the rock wall and just sort of shooting straight upward. It‘s not—you guys aren‘t in danger of being, like, swept over the edge or anything like that. So—
Clint: How about we go investigate the dwarven figure?
Griffin: Yeah, you still got the dwarven figure there. You got the elevator leading down, which actually has like an iron lattice gate that has some sort of locked up—
Travis: Is there like a man inside wearing like a jaunty hat saying like—
Griffin: ―Yes, helloooo!‖
Travis: ―The elevator business has its ups and downs!‖ That kinda thing?
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s exactly what—no.
Clint: Lawn furniture, fourth floor—
Travis: ―Evenin‘ Mr. Magnus!‖
Clint: Ladies‘ lingerie, second floor...
Griffin: So...
Clint: I wanna go investigate the dwarven figure, how do we that?
Justin: You just go, you just say you do it.
Griffin: Walk over, you just walk over.
Clint: I walk over to the dwarven figure to investigate it.
Griffin: M‘kay. I‘m assuming that you—that anything you say from this point on will be at a low whisper.  ̳Cause—
Magnus: [whisper-shouting] Shh! Guys, we have to be quiet!
Griffin: You roll the dwarf over, and sadly, tragically, Merle... you recognize it as Nundro Rockseeker. The second, the middle brother of the Rockseeker—
Merle: Nooo!
Griffin: [laughing] And then you take a constitution—
Merle: Nundrooo!
Magnus: [whispers] Check out his boots!
Griffin: While you check out his boots, Merle takes a constitution saving throw.
Clint: [laughs]Seven.
Griffin: Seven. Not, not sufficient. That‘s one, though. Just one poison damage.
Travis: I take Merle by the—
Clint: Dwarves have an advantage on saving throws against poison.
Griffin: Oh, tight!
Clint: And you have resistance against poison damage.
Griffin: Oh, great! Well, do that again then, roll!
Clint: I don‘t know...
Justin: Well, that are several that that should‘ve applied to.
Griffin: Well...
Clint: Uh, nine. Oh, plus two, 11.
Griffin: Oh. Then yeah, you‘re fine!
Clint: Okay.
Travis: I take Merle gently by the shoulders and lead him away, as I kinda like, tilt my head towards the body at Taako, like...
Magnus: [muttering] Check it out! Check his pockets!
Justin: [laughs] I search the body for valuables.
Clint: You little—
Travis: Nope! You don‘t see it. You‘re with me, you‘re being consoled.
Justin: You don‘t know I‘m doing that.
Clint: He‘s family!
Justin: You don‘t know I‘m doing it. He‘s a blind spot to you right now. You need to be nurtured.
Griffin: He does not have magic jumping boots.
Justin: Aw...
Griffin: [imitating Forrest Gump] Mah magic jumping boots.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: Topical.
Griffin: He does have with him, though, a rucksack with some mining supplies. You think it‘s maybe, some of them that he got from the mining camp outpost that you guys found at the front of Wave Echo Cave where you found his dead brother. Don‘t worry, he was long dead before you struck the killing blow, Merle.
Travis: Oh, we weren‘t worried.
Griffin: Oh, okay! In the bag, though, he does have a very small lockbox that is fortunately unlocked, because y‘all don‘t got no rogues in your party, that has inside of it 320 gold pieces. A small fortune.
Clint: Wow!
Justin: Alright, I put all of that in my bag.
Clint: Gah!
Travis: Hold on, hold on, hold on...
Clint: Yeah, go ahead Mr. Funnyman!
Travis: I assume that we‘ve split that.
Griffin: You guys don‘t know about it.
Justin: I put it all in my bag.
Griffin: Okay. You can. I‘ll let the three of you guys figure it out later.
Travis: I watch that happen. You son of a bitch.
Justin: I—and I take the rest of the gear and I throw it over the edge.
Griffin: [laughs]
Justin: And then I—and then I call out...
Taako: Oh, I don‘t know, guys... They got it all, I guess, before now.
Griffin: You take—
Clint: Constitution check!
Travis: And as you walk around we just hear, jingle jangle jingle jangle jingle jingle...
Magnus: Hey, do you have like a ton of coins in your pocket?
Griffin: [laughs]
Taako: No, they‘re all bottle caps! I‘m saving them for UNICEF!
Clint: Man!
Taako: I‘m saving bottle caps for UNICEF. I don‘t—I would love some gold, though, if you want to buy some bottle caps.
Griffin: ―Every year, dragon skill kids.‖
Clint: [laughs] ―You can feed this entire village...‖
Griffin: ―With bottle caps. I don‘t know, they just eat the things!‖ No, I am going to need you to make that constitution saving throw though, Taako.
Justin: Yeah, that‘s—sure. Mmm... five. That‘s not very good, is it?
Griffin: Nope. Two damage. Also in the lockbox is a small, very rusted iron key.
Taako: Oh, there was a key!
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: Let‘s, let‘s—I bet that‘s to the elevator.
Clint: Gesture, did you say?
Justin: I wave them over.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Justin: And show them the key.
Griffin: And you give like a thumbs up?
Justin: Like a thumbs up, and then I point to the elevator.
Clint: And I snatch it because I was the only living relative.
Griffin: Okay. And you point at—
Travis: So you get the awesome, rusted key. But you have to spend the night in the haunted house!
Griffin: It might be a magic elevator! It might—maybe that elevator is actually a warhammer! Or something.
Clint: Maybe it‘s like the Wonkavator, and it‘ll go anywhere we want!
Justin: Let‘s get the fuck on it.
Griffin: You—it is indeed the key to the elevator.
Justin: Oh, thank god.
Griffin: You turn it, you go down. You are now on the level with the spring. You are actually getting a little bit wet as the—
Travis: Yeah I am!
Griffin: As the waves come up, on you. Why would you—
Justin: What does that—how is that elevator working?
Griffin: It‘s sort of a rope-and-pulley situation.
Justin: Cool, cool, cool, cool.
Griffin: It‘s very medieval and very fantasy.
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: It‘s the kind of thing that one might take up to a parapet.
Travis: I wanna drink from the spring.
Griffin: Oh! Okay. Yeah, you drink from the spring, and you—it‘s amazing. You feel very very energized, and you actually feel right as rain! You feel like you just woke up from a long rest.
Travis: So kinda like a Cialis commercial?
Griffin: You feel kinda like you‘re in a Cialis commercial.
Clint: We all get in tubs.
Griffin: Yeah, you actually feel incredible. And if you took any damage, it‘s actually fine!
Justin: Merle, you should—
Magnus: Y‘all gotta get in on this spring!
Clint: I better get a drink too.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I‘ll drink from the spring.
Griffin: M‘kay. You actually take—
Travis: It kills you!
Griffin: It kills you, you die. It‘s anti-dwarven Raid. You can actually all take this opportunity to take a little spring break if you want. Oh shit, I didn‘t even think about that!
Clint: Spring break! Let‘s go see Kenny Chesney!
Griffin: That‘s who you‘d wanna see?
Travis: [laughs]
Griffin: That‘s how you‘d wanna—
Clint: Dwarves have very specific musical tastes!
Griffin: Most of  ̳em are into like, electronic dance music. Most of  ̳em are like, crazy about Diplo.
Clint: Well, I‘m not like every dwarf you know. Griffin: Do you know about Diplo, Dad?
Clint: Yeah! They‘re little building blocks, that people—
Griffin: [laughs]
Clint: Like Legos? Right?
Griffin: [laughing] That‘s exactly right, I‘m so proud of you.
Travis: Can we make it canonical that Merle was cast out of his like, his clan because of his love for Kenny Chesney?
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Yeah yeah yeah, they were all listening to, uh, to Skrillex.
Clint: Kenny Chesney.
Magnus: We‘ll never accept your taste in music, Merle!
Taako: She thinks my tractor‘s sexy and I think I‘m no longer welcome here.
Travis: [laughs]
Clint: [laughs] Any way for us to store some of this water?
Griffin: Uh...
Justin: I checked my inventory. I mean, you check yours, see if you‘ve got a—
Travis: I‘ve got a water skin or something.
Justin: I don‘t have a wa—
Clint: I do have a water skin.
Justin: I, bizarrely, did not—do not have a water skin on me.
Travis: You do—wait, do you have an Adventurer‘s Kit, Juice?
Justin: No.
Travis: Oh.
Clint: I do have a water skin. Can I fill it with water from the fountain?
Griffin: You can. You reach into the shimmering water of the spring and you scoop up some of it from your water skin. It‘s amazing – as you lift your water skin from the water, you peer inside and it‘s actually almost like a flashlight. Like it‘s that bright, the water. It‘s shining out of it—
Travis: I want shiny water!
Griffin: And as you stand there and look at it, it actually gets less and less shiny the longer you have it in your water skin, until eventually the light completely goes out.
Clint: And I assume it lost all magical properties.
Griffin: Yeah, you get the idea that maybe it‘s not the water, as much as it is the stone that the water‘s landing in. Like the basin itself is kind of imbuing it with magic.
Travis: I want to fill my water skin with the stone.
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: I solved your riddle!
Griffin: You pop one out like a jawbreaker. And now you‘re just suckin‘, suckin‘ on stone.
Travis: [laughs]
Clint: Okay, now we can stop.
Travis: New, from Kenny Chesney, ―Suckin‘ on Stone.‖
Griffin: [singing with a southern accent] I‘m suckin‘ on stone, come on down, get on the tractor bus!
Clint: [laughs]
Travis: [laughs]
