Griffin:  Previously, on The Adventure Zone...
Merle:  We came here to talk!
Klaarg:  You should have thought about that before throwing my dog in the fire!
Justin:  Alright, I cast Charm Person on Klaarg.
Taako:  Klaarg, my name is Taako.
Klaarg:  [chuckling] Well, it's a—it's a pleasure. It's, uh, it's really, really super-great to meet you.
Taako:  Well, I feel like we've known each other for ages.
Klaarg:  I feel that way too.
Hurley:  And I put together a vehicle I know I can beat her in. Mine requires what‘s called an arcane core. Fortunately, there‘s a rival group of racers called The Hammerheads, and they just got in a shipment.
Merle:  You don‘t care if these guys get killed, right?
Hurley:  I do. I... I do.
Taako:  [as Lil Jerry] These are the new recruits. Walk, I‘m just showin‘ them around the place. Just go about your business, don‘t worry about it.
Griffin:  They are pretty gigantic, covered in this burlap, crude, cloth outfit. They are chained to a chair, and they are wearing this full metal helmet.
Justin:  It‘s the bugbear.
Travis:  It‘s my hugbear! It‘s Klaarg!
The Announcer:  Klaarg and our heroes are reunited, but does it feel so good? Let‘s find out in... The Adventure Zone!
[theme music plays]
Travis:  Griffin?
Griffin:  Yeah?
Travis:  Have we reached a point in the adventure yet where we‘re allowed to fight people?
Griffin:  You can—
Travis:  Or...
Griffin:  You can do whatever you want. In fact, the boss who... I should‘ve mentioned this last week, the boss‘s name is Maarvey.
Travis:  Maarvey.
Clint:  Maarvey.
Griffin:  Yeah, with two A‘s. You gotta really hit it hard.
Justin:  Maaaaarvey.
Griffin:  Yeah—
Travis:  So we‘re facing a—we gotta rescue Klaaaaarg from Maaaarrvey.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Yes, and in fact, Maarvey, uh, notices Magnus trembling and is like...
Maarvey:  Ay, what‘s the matter bud? You look like you‘ve seen a ghost or somethin‘.
Magnus:  Uhh... no, no, um... Everything‘s fine.
Maarvey:  Does anybody else hear that?
Griffin:  Um, in fact, you do kinda hear something coming from outside. It sounds like somebody banging on the exterior gate—
Travis:  Oh shit, it‘s Lil Jerry!
Griffin:  —of this Hammerhead, uh, headquarters. And Maarvey says, uh...
Maarvey:   ̳Ey Jerreeeeee. No, regular—regular Jerreeeeee, go check that out. Why isn‘t the gate—why isn‘t Barbara—
Taako:  [disguised as Lil Jerry] Yeah, I can check it out if you need me to.
Maarvey:  No.
Taako:  [disguised as Lil Jerry] Just—any Jerry!
Maarvey:  No, no I like having you around, I‘m gonna send regular Jerreeeeee out there.
Taako:  [disguised as Lil Jerry] That‘s nice but I—
Travis:  [imitating Maarvey] You‘re a good time, Lil Jerry, you make me happy.
Taako:  [disguised as Lil Jerry] Jerreeeeee‘s got his knees, you know. He doesn‘t need to be walking.
Jerreeeeee:  I do have my knees, that is true.
Merle:  And what if it‘s trouble? Y‘know, you ought‘a send somebody with regular Jerreeeeee.
Maarvey:  No, shouldn‘t be trouble. I don‘t know why Barbara‘s—I don‘t know why Barbara‘s not handli—Jerreeeeee, just go check it out.
Griffin:  Jerreeeeee says...
Jerreeeeee:  Okay.
Griffin:  And walks out of the garage.
Travis:  So right now, just to get a lay of the land... there‘s four dudes?
Griffin:  Four dudes. Klaarg—two of which are watching over Klaarg, two of which are sort of working under a suspended, uh, battlewagon.
Travis:  And how is, how is—how is the vehicle suspended?
Griffin:  They‘re up on like, lifts, like hydraulic lifts. Um, like you would see in a garage. Uhh... so yeah, there‘s two guys working under, uh, one of those battlewagons, there‘s two guys sort of with big clubs watching over Klaarg, uh, and then there‘s Maarvey, sitting at his desk.
Clint:  So there‘s five guys.
Griffin:  There‘s five guys and a Klaarg. And a pizza place.
Travis:  If I wanted to drop that suspended car, can I see that mechanism?
Griffin:  Uhh, I‘m sorry, there are four guys,  ̳cause Jerreeeeee just went outside.
Clint:  Oh.
Griffin:  Yeah, I mean, there‘s levers, next to each of the... next to each of the lifts. Um.
Clint:  Oh, I say we take the opportunity.
Travis:  I think so too.
Justin:  Well, I—I don‘t know if any of us know how to work something like that.
Travis:  Good news – I have vehicle proficiency!
Clint:  Well, I bet you Travis—
Justin:  I bet you if Travis doesn‘t have the proficiency, he can roll a 20 to figure it out.
Travis:  Let me look, I‘ve got lever proficiency.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  Says so right there in black and white.
Clint:  I always told you you‘d go blind.
Griffin:  Are you gonna—
Travis:  Ahh!
Griffin:  Gross!
Travis:  [laughs] I like that joke!
Clint:  Thank you, thank you.
Justin:  That was a good one.
Griffin:  That one I appreciated, because it wasn‘t my dad saying something sexual about himself. It was my dad... actually saying something sexual about his son.
Clint:  About your brother!
Griffin:  That‘s actually bad. That‘s bad too!
Justin:  Yeah, you were into it though, dirty biiird.
Travis:  [laughs]
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Um, okay are you gonna... what are you doing?
Travis:  I‘m going to pull that lever.
Griffin:  I guess we‘re getting things started. Uh, Magnus, you gonna say any dope shit?
Travis:  Uh—
Griffin:  It‘s unlike you to just like do something without saying—
Magnus:  Ehh, ya‘ squished.
Griffin:  Okay! You say, ―Ehh, you squished,‖ and uh, and you yank on that lever. Uh, and the two guys underneath go...
Two Guys:  What‘re ya—
Griffin:  And then the uh, the wagon above them, uh, a sort of, bigger flatbed truck-looking wagon...
Justin:  Wait, can I—can we stop for a second? Before you do this... has he done this? Is this done?
Griffin:  The moment... the moment has frozen.
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  Okay, before we do this... We were specifically asked not to k—like, we went through a whole rigmarole about hiding a body because we were—
Travis:  Ahh, yeah.
Justin:  —weren‘t supposed to kill anybody!
Travis:  Can I non—can I non-lethally squish them?
Justin:  I wanna be granted this, like, reprieve, because it‘s been a couple of weeks since we were into this but, we were speci—we were in a situation that was specifically instructed by somebody we had to continue to work with not to hurt anybody  ̳cause they‘re a cop.
Griffin:  Oh, you can hurt.
Justin:  Okay, not to kill anybody. Step one being, let‘s squish some dudes with a car. Let‘s—let‘s comfortingly suffocate them with the car‘s wheels until they black out, then remove it instantly. Let‘s—let‘s hope this truck can put them in a sleeper hold.
Clint:  I have—I actually have a way out of this.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  Without reversing it.
Justin:  Okay?
Clint:  Alright, you want me to try it?
Justin:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Yeah, the moment—you‘re in slow-mo. You‘re in bullet time right now. This car is now, this wagon is falling on these two gentlemen.
Clint:  Okay, hit the lever again to stop it from squishing them but just pinning them and I will say...
Merle:  Magnus, we told you not to touch anything!
Justin:  [whispering] Oh that‘s good, now they‘re just pinned.
Clint:  Yeah!
Travis:  Okay, I do that.
Clint:  Not only are they just pinned, but they didn‘t know that we did it on purpose.
Justin:  Oh, that‘s good.
Clint:  So now we can kill the other guys. [pause] No! No! No!
Justin:  Again with the killing? No killing!
Clint:  Oh, right. Killing bad, okay.
Travis:  Wait, I only pull it—I only pull it halfway.
Justin:  He‘s just trying to stop it with—
Clint:  He just trying to pin them.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  He stopped it there, so they‘re pinned under the car, the wagon.
Griffin:  Alright so you‘re pulling it halfway, pushing it halfway back.
Travis:  Yes.
Justin:  Yes.
Griffin:  Okay, you push it halfway back, it does not—
Clint:  And we‘re acting like he‘s a dumbass and it was an accident.
Justin:  Yeah!
Travis:  Oh, a real Lenny.
Griffin:  Can you give me like a taste of what that dialogue might feel like?
Clint:  Yeah. Um...
Justin:  And I‘m gonna insist on character voices. I‘m gonna get really hardcore about this. If you don‘t use a character voice, you lose a hit point.
Travis:  [laughs]
Clint:  Okay.
Travis:  You die.
Clint:  And what did—what are you going by Travis? What did—have we given you a name?
Justin:  I think—
Travis:  Magnus is fine.
Clint:  Okay.
Merle:  [comically exaggerated character voice] Magnus! We told you not to touch anything, you dumbass!
Justin:  Now why? Okay.
Griffin:  None of it makes any sense.
Justin:  Now wait, none of the—
Griffin:  I‘m going to stop this little line of logic in its tracks though. As you push the lever, halfway back into the nonlethal position, it does not slow the descent of the car, which falls and crushes the two men.
Travis:  Ah, but leaving them with one hit point and they‘re unconscious.
Griffin:  You are unable to discern their hit point number, but it does not seem good. Uh, and let‘s r—let‘s roll for initiative.
Travis:  But Griffin, I don‘t want to kill.
Griffin:  I thi—it‘s your default setting, apparently!
Travis:  I must not kill again! I rolled a three. Plus two, a five.
Clint:  Okay, I rolled a 12, but I roll again, don‘t I, Ditto?
Griffin:  Yep.
Clint:  Well, that was a five, so 12 was my highest.
Justin:  Two.
Griffin:  Not great, guys.
Travis:  Thanks Griffin. Comforting words from the DM. ―Real shit job!‖ Not killing is really hard, how does Batman do it?
Griffin:  He‘s got all those wonderful tools. Um, first in the order is one of the ruffians guarding over Klaarg, who goes, uh...
Justin:  Toys, Griffin, he has toys.
Griffin:  Huh?
Justin:  Wonderful toys. Wonderful toys.
Griffin:  Uh, I‘m not a, like, a nerd so I guess I don‘t...
Travis:  We‘re doing a D&D podcast!
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, the first ruffian goes...
Ruffian:  Oh nooo!
Griffin:  And uh, runs over to Magnus, and is going to swing at you with, uh...
Clint:  Why? It was an accident!
Griffin:  Well...
Clint:  We didn‘t mean to fight, we didn‘t mean to crush those guys, and I might be able to heal  ̳em!
Griffin:  That‘s a 19 versus AC.
Travis:  Oh.
Clint:  Hell, let‘s fight.
Justin:  Ah well. Let‘s just beat  ̳em up.
Travis:  That just barely hits, but hold on.
Griffin:  Can you do a thing?
Travis:  I can do a thing! Okay, great. I can parry and I can disar—yeah, parry.
Griffin:  M‘kay. This guy brings a big ol‘ hammer down on you, and you Matthew Perry?
Travis:  I Matthew Perry. Uh, ―When one other creature damages you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction and expend one superiority die to reduce the damage by the number you roll on your superiority dice plus your dexterity modifier.‖
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  So go ahead and roll damage.
Justin:  Why do people think D&D is so complicated?
Griffin:  Uh, 11. [laughs] 11 points of damage.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  Okay.
Clint:  And you gotta be real cynical doing it too, if you're Matthew Perry.
Travis:  I rolled a five plus two. So I reduce it by seven.
Griffin:  Okay, so four points of damage and you go, ―Could you be more...‖ [gets interrupted by a phone going off] ―...weak?‖
Clint:  Do you even lift bro?
Travis:  Finish it.
Griffin:  ―Can you be more weak?‖ That‘s my Matthew Perry from Friends impression.
Clint:  That‘s good, oh good.
Griffin:  And his classic character, Chandler.
Clint:  Yo! ... I don‘t know who that was.
Griffin:  I don‘t know who that was either, Dad! Did you just birth a  ̳90s sitcom character? In your brain womb? Uh, next in the order is... Maarvey who uh, stands up, opens up his desk, and uh, pulls out a...
Travis:  Flower!
Griffin:  What looks like a—like a stun baton. Like a stun, like a taser rod, that they might use at a zoo, a ba—a shitty zoo. A shitty zoo where they‘re really bad to the animals.
Travis:  A Goldcliff zoo!
Griffin:  Yeah, and uh, he is going to poke that right into Taako‘s chest, who‘s sitting in front of him.
Justin:  Aw, man. Now wait, now, okay, hold on. I‘m gonna call bullshit on that.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  There‘s no reason that he would attack me.
Griffin:  Oh, that‘s a good call. Okay, yeah, he‘ll do it to Merle.
Clint:  There‘s no reason he‘d attack me!
Griffin:  Well, no,  ̳cause Justin‘s disguised as...
Justin:  Yeah.
Clint:  But aren‘t we all disguised? Didn‘t we put on their robes, their lil‘ jumpsuits?
Griffin:  He only rolled a nine.
Travis:  But we‘re the new ones.
Griffin:  Yep. He knows somethin‘ stinks here. A nine‘s not gonna beat your AC though.
Clint:  No.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, next in the order is Magnus.
Travis:  Yay! Uh, Magnus is gonna attack the guy who just attacked him, two handed battleaxe with ol‘ Railsplitter. The ol‘ tail spinner.
Griffin:  And you‘re gonna go for non-lethal damage?
Travis:  Non-lethal damage, yes, thank you Griffin. It was 14 plus seven, 21.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s a hit.
Travis:  And—oh my god, my desk is a fucking mess. Um...
Griffin:  What have I told you guys about your game stations?
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  My game station‘s atrocious. Alright, uh, d10 plus six, that's a five, 11 points of damage.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s—yeah.
Travis:  Non-lethal damage.
Griffin:  Well, it‘s not enough to kill him anyway but okay.
Travis:  I don‘t—can I say like, non-lasting damage? Like, it hurts him real bad but he‘s probably going to be fine in a couple days.
Griffin:  Uh, the, uh, second ruffian, uh...
Travis:  Give them names.
Griffin:  ... Craigery.
Justin:  [laugh]
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Craigery, uh, is next in the order. He starts to walk forward to you, but he is stopped by the strong, grasping hand of Klaarg.
Travis:  Yay!
Griffin:  Who raises his head up and just kind of grabs onto the, uh, the back of his shirt, and even though he‘s chained up and still locked into this chair, uh, just sort of pulls him down onto the ground and just kind of pins him down. And next in the order is Merle.
Clint:  Okay! I am going to use my, uh, my warhammer, and hit Klaarg‘s chains to try and free him.
Travis:  Now, a little OOC talk here... I hope Klaarg‘s not mad at us.
Clint:  Well, he won‘t be mad if we free him and save him from this...
Travis:  Excellent point.
Clint:  ... awfulness.
Travis:  Excellent point.
Griffin:  Uh, alright just, roll a, uh—roll an attack against these chains.
Clint:  Okay, that‘s an eight, right?
Justin:  I‘m gonna—this is awesome enough that I‘m going to turn a blind eye to your dice rolls, Dad. Whatever you just...
Clint:  Well, I‘m just trying to—
Justin:  Just roll and whatever.
Griffin:  Just do roll the one with 20 sides on it.
Travis:  You can say whatever, they can‘t see it at home.
Clint:  Okay, I‘m sorry. Alright. Ah, good.
Justin:  It‘s a 12.
Clint:  It‘s a 12.
Griffin:  Plus?
Travis:  Plus your strength modifier.
Griffin:  Plus, yeah. Plus your warhammer.
Clint:  Plus my strength modifier, plus two, that‘s four. Plus the warhammer is another four.
Griffin:  Nah, I think you have plus five altogether. We need to get your character sheet in order. Um, but that‘s enough. A 17, you bring it down on a weak, uh, link. The ruffian that Klaarg pulled down to the ground actually, like, rears back in fear thinking you're about to uh, uh, murder him too. But you bring this down on a weak link in the chain, and almost instantly, the chains just sort of rip off Klaarg as he stands up, and uh, roars defiantly.
Merle:  [still in an exaggerated, goofy character voice] Huh, guess I don‘t know my own strength.
Griffin:  And he gets an initiative roll. Uh, okay next in the order is Taako.
Justin:  Great. I‘m still next to Maarvey?
Griffin:  Uh, yeah.
Justin:  Who's focused on somebody... Uh, I‘m going to grab Maarvey‘s arm that has the stun baton and jam it into his face.
Travis:  Yeah!
Clint:  Ooh, I like it!
Griffin:  Okay. So this is—
Justin:  I have high dam—I‘m not a strong man, but he‘s not expecting it, so I feel like it should fall into dexterity.
Griffin:  Ah, ah no.
Clint:  Non-lethal.
Griffin:  Here‘s how we‘ll do it, it‘ll be a, uh, strength on strength check but because you have such a, like, huge element of surprise, I‘m going to give you advantage and him disadvantage.
Justin:  Okay, that‘s fair.
Griffin:  So, you roll twice. I roll twice. You take your better roll.
Clint:  [giggling] Strength on strength.
Griffin:  My first one was a 17, so...
Justin:  First one‘s a 17. Okay, mine is a—
Griffin:  My second one is a six.
Justin:  Okay, so mine‘s a 13 plus three.
Griffin:  Alright, you got  ̳em.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  You don‘t even need to roll the second one. Uh, alright, so here‘s how it‘s going to work. You are redirecting his own weapon against him, so you will make, uh, what is basically a melee attack? We‘ll call this a staff or something, because I think you‘re probably good with those. So, uh, we‘ll say, what‘s your—what‘s your, uh... what‘s your dexterity modifier? It probably isn‘t dex, but...
Justin:  Plus three.
Griffin:  Plus three, okay, so we‘ll say plus six to attack his face.
Clint:  And yell, ―Eat baton, butthole.‖
Justin:  What‘s the, um, initial... like what do I roll?
Griffin:  A d20.
Justin:  For initial damage? I‘m sorry.
Griffin:  Oh no, you have to roll to attack him now. First, you were just sort of testing to make sure you could use his own weapon against him. Now you‘re actually making the attacking against.
Travis:  It‘s quite possible Taako‘s never made a melee attack, so bear with him.
Justin:  Yeah, I clearly have not. Uh, 15, that‘s what it was.
Griffin:  Alright, 15 plus... what did I say? Six? Something like that? Yeah, whatever. It‘s enough to beat his AC. Uh, okay, and then uh... you roll uh, roll 2d8 thunder damage, and we‘ll give that also plus six.
Justin:  2d8 thunder damage. Okay, um... Wait, which is—sorry, I don‘t mean to be a Dad here but—
Clint:  Hey!
Justin:  —which is d8?
Clint:  Wait a minute, is that a thing?
Justin:  Got it, here it is. Uh, four... three... so, seven.
Griffin:  Plus six, 13. Okay uh, he takes 13 thunder damage, uh, and then he pisses his pants, and he falls to the floor, prone.
Travis:  And he takes plus two, uh, piss damage.
Clint:  Yeah, I was going to say that if he pisses his pants and he‘s got a shocking thing in his hands, he‘ll get shocked again.
Griffin:  That‘s not how any—that‘s not how any science—that‘s not how real science or fantasy science works.
Clint:  Son, who went to police academy? I saw—
Justin:  High Tower?
Clint:  —all six of them.
Griffin:  Uh, he falls to the ground, and he is stunned. Uh, and just sort of convulsing, it‘s really—actually, you know what, guys? It‘s kind of graphic.
Justin:  [laughs]
Clint:  More graphic than pissed himself?
Griffin:  Yeah. Uh, next in the order is the ruffian that Magnus hit, who turns around and sees Klaarg free from his chains, and he goes...
Ruffian:  Oh shit!
Griffin:  And he hightails it for the door. And Magnus, you are going to get to make an opportunity attack against him.
Travis:  That‘s 17. Is it basic melee?
Griffin:  Yeah, good. Yeah.
Travis:  Okay. Yeah, well it was a 17 plus seven.
Griffin:  That was a hit.
Travis:  So 24. So battleaxe?
Griffin:  I mean, yeah. Whatever you want to—
Justin:  Can you use the flat part, puh-lease?
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  I mean, non-lethal battle-axe attack.
Justin:  Is there a dull side, perhaps?
Travis:  Uh, six plus six. 12.
Griffin:  12, jeez. He is very bloody, but he survives, and he runs out of the garage, and you cannot see him anymore.
Travis:  Aww. Are you sure I can‘t see him anymore?
Griffin:  Yeah, real, real sure. Next in the order iiiis, uh, Klaarg, who uh, is going to stand up, uh, and wrap his chain, uh, around the neck ooof... the other ruffian that was attacking him...
Justin:  Yeahhh! We‘re fine!
Clint:  Klaarg comes through!
Justin:  We‘re buds for life.
Griffin:  He rolls a 16, which is enough, and the ruffian takes... 11 points of damage, and he is restrained. Uh, next in the order is Magnus. This ruffian that is restrained is like...
Ruffian:  Please, please, please, please, please.
Griffin:  He‘s the only one still up.
Justin:  Sweet.
Griffin:  Since, uh, Maarvey is, uh, is on the ground. He‘s like...
Ruffian Two:  Please, please, please, please, please, just let me go, let me go, let me go. You guys can have whatever you want.
Clint:  Aw, is he like crying and stuff?
Griffin:  Yeah, he‘s crying. He has also pissed his pants. It‘s just like, ankle deep in this room.
Clint:  Snot bubbles...
Travis:  Should I worry—should I worry about the dude who ran out the door who‘s probably going to get a bunch more people?
Griffin:  Um, it‘s up to you. I can‘t tell you what to worry about.
Travis:  That was more directed at my fellow party members.
Taako:  Um, let me talk to this fool for a second. Hey, hey, where‘s the arcane core?
Ruffian:  It‘s it‘s in a chest, behind the boss‘s desk, it‘s on top of a toolbox. Just, just—
Taako:  Is it locked?
Ruffian:  Ye-yeah. B— [stuttering]
Taako:  Where‘s the key?
Ruffian:  It‘s over on pisspants over there. Not me, the other pisspants.
Taako:  Alright.
Travis:  Pisspants one!
Ruffian:  The original, the OG pisspants. Please let me out of here.
Taako:  You guys, hand—handle my light work.
Justin:  I go over and um, while they‘re doing whatever happens next – I'm assuming it'll be unpleasant – I'll go ahead and uh, go grab uh, that key from—I‘ll pat him down for the key. And I‘ll help myself to his stun baton, a- thank-you-very-much.
Travis:  I would like to walk over to Klaarg and say...
Magnus:  Hey, hey buddy, do you reme—I hope you remember—
Klaarg:  [roars] Klaaaarg!
Magnus:  Klaarg.
Griffin:  He looks like he‘s about to pop the head off of this ruffian.
Magnus:  Klaarg... you‘re my hugbear, buddy. You remember that?
Klaarg:  Nuhhh... Do you have any idea... what a rough few months I‘ve had!?
Magnus:  I can imagine it‘s been pretty bad.
Klaarg:  Pretty bad!
Magnus:  But we‘re here, and we‘re here to help, but we can‘t do that if you kill this man.
Griffin:  He, uh, he starts to, uh, choke this ruffian a little bit tighter, and he is walking backwards toward, uh, one of the battlewagons that‘s covered up by a tarp. He‘s like...
Klaarg:  Just stay back! I swear I‘ll kill him. Stay back.
Magnus:  If you let this man go, I can get you all the oolong you want.
Klaarg:  Oh, man. I‘m so mad at you guys. Ooh boy, am I angry. Boy, am I peeved.
Magnus:  All the oolong you want, if you let him go.
Clint:  I cast Calm Emotions.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  Whoa!
Clint:  ―You attempt to suppress strong emotions in a group of people. Each humanoid in a 20-foot radius sphere centered on a point you choose within range must make a charisma saving throw.‖
Griffin:  This is the most soothing—
Travis:  And play smooth jazz.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Clint:  ―The creature can choose to fail this saving throw if it wishes.‖
Griffin:  [laughing] Yeah, you know what? I‘d like to just chill out a little bit. You know what? That sounds great.
Travis:  Thank you, I am freaking out.
Clint:  You don‘t know Klaarg!
Griffin:  Okay, uh, Klaarg is not going to want to do it. How big is the radius of this spell?
Clint:  Twenty feet.
Griffin:  Alright, so it‘s just going to hit these two guys. Uh, I‘ll roll, uh, Klaarg first. And I think I‘m rolling a... eight plus your spell casting modifier which I think is six, so 14 to beat?
Clint:  Uh, yes!
Griffin:  I did, I rolled a 19. The ruffian rolled a—
Justin:  Are you sure you rolled a 19?
Griffin:  The ruffian rolled a three though. And he‘s like...
Ruffian:  Aw, man whatever.
Travis:  So, he‘s super chill about dying.
Clint:  [laughs]
Ruffian:  This is cra—this is a crazy chain thing that‘s going on. It‘s pretty cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Justin:  [imitating the ruffian] Hey, Klaarg, go ahead and crash into me, buddy, I don‘t care.
Ruffian:  Having a cool day.
Justin:  [jazz noises]
Griffin:  And in a, uh, a smooth motion, Klaarg Sparta-kicks this ruffian toward the two of you and rips the tarp off of this battle wagon, which, uh, is a uh two-wheeled, long, sleek, sort of a rusted bronze looking, like, motorcycle-type battlewagon. And he hops astride it and goes, uh—
Klaarg:  If I ever see you guys again, I swear, it‘ll be bad for you. I—
Magnus:  But Klaarg!
Klaarg:  Nope!
Griffin:  And he uh, revs—
Magnus:  But I love you! Klaarg, I love you!
Griffin:  He revs the engine and zooms out of the garage.
Clint:  [laughs]
Magnus:  How could you do this to me!?
Clint:  Dip!
Taako:  Can‘t believe he left before we could do one of our classic bits with him. Make another memorable moment.
Griffin:  You, uh, the three of you actually hear, uh, another sound after the revving of this engine dies down. You hear what sounds like sirens coming.
Clint:  Hmm...
Travis:  Oh, dip.
Justin:  Oh no. This isn‘t great.
Travis:  I guess this is—
Clint:  Does Travis have battlewagon proficiency?
Travis:  Do I ever! Time to skedaddle!
Clint:  Actually, you do. You have vehicle proficiency, don‘tcha?
Travis:  Oh, I know. I‘ve been bonered for it this whole adventure.
Justin:  I go over and open the, um, uh, open the chest and... well, let me open the chest and see if—
Griffin:  Well, you gotta get the key off—
Justin:  I did, I already said I did that.
Griffin:  Okay, as you—as you reach down to get the key off Maarvey, he looks up at you and goes...
Maarvey:  This is a legitimate business, what are you all doing? I swear I'm‘a take down—gonna get revenge on this act. This heinous act. Ugh.
Clint:  We should‘ve killed him.
Travis:  It‘s not too late.
Clint:  Ah, just flick the piss off the key and let‘s get out of here.
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, okay. You flick the piss off the key and you pop open the chest. Uh, you take the ring of keys. He‘s got several keys on it.
Justin:  Of course.
Griffin:  And it takes you a few seconds to find the right one for this chest, but as you pop it open, you do, uh, see a—it‘s actually a really nice chest, and inside is a sort of velvet padded lining. And there are two sort of— there‘s one cube-shaped divot, uh, in this lining with nothing in it, and then right next to it is another, uh, is another divot, but this one is actually filled by a shining, blue cube that looks like you can see sort of a, uh, a swirling white cloud inside of it. So, it looks like there were two—there were two in here before, and now there‘s just one.
Justin:  Okay, great. I‘ll grab that one and throw it in my bag.
Griffin:  Okay! You pick it up and toss it in your bag.
Clint:  Well, that‘s gone forever.
Justin:  Yeah.
Travis:  Sooo, skedaddle?
Taako:  Hey, uh real quick, can uh—lever man. Can you uh, raise the car up and check on those fools? See how they‘re doing?
Griffin:  The sirens are getting louder.
Travis:  I do that.
Griffin:  Okay. You lift up the lever. Uh, they are... they‘re breathing.
Travis:  They‘re sleeping.
Taako:  Heeey, great! Peace.
Griffin:  [laughing]
Travis:  Time to go!
Justin:  Wait, what about the battle wagon?
Clint:  Well, let‘s drive for it!
Travis:  No th—if we—if we drive for it, that‘s way incriminating.
Justin:  Yeah, I guess that is true.
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Hey, everybody! Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 23. 24? 22 to 24. It‘s in that range. I'm your dungeon master, Griffin McElroy. Let‘s do some commercials.  The Adventure Zone is sponsored in part this week by Nature Box. You know them. You love them. You love the good food that they give you in discreet, lovely boxes. Nature Box offers lots of snack choices like mini Belgian waffles, strawberry lemonade fruit stars, and sweet and salty nut medley. I'm a big fan of their whole line of products. I like the asiago cheese crisps. They leave a delicious, cheesy residue in my mouth after I eat them. And that—if that sounds unpleasant, it‘s because I did a bad job describing how good these crisps are.  Nature Box is full of flavor, but without any of the junk. And right now, you can enjoy your first box of Nature Box snacks on them, but only at NatureBox.com/Adventure. Go there. You're gonna get a trial box, and it‘s gonna be amazing. You're gonna enjoy every second that you spend having Nature Box‘s food and food stuffs in your mouth. I guarantee it. That‘s a Griffin McElroy guarantee, and you can take that into the bank, and then, put a down payment on a house. And that‘s the house that Griffin built.  We have a few personal messages. Some shout outs, to use the TRL parlance. Uh, you can get a jumbotron message on The Adventure Zone. Just go to MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and you'll find all the details you need to get a message on the show, like this one. This message is for Nigel, and it‘s from Adrian, or Adrienne. I think it‘s Adrian. Or is it Adrienne? Well, shit. Now I'm stuck on the diving board, aren't I? I'm second guessing myself a little bit too much. Adrian says, ―Happy birthday! Hope this year brings you many adventures. Thanks for being the best big brother and showering me with stickers, burritos, and cat pictures. Also, belated thanks for letting me play D&D with you and your friends when we were kids. That was really nice of you. Let‘s do that again sometime!‖ Nigel, Adrian, that‘s a good family, man. I have never been showered with burritos by my older siblings, except for that time where they literally threw burritos at me at a Taco Bell. I don‘t like to talk about the Taco Bell incident. This message is for Dave Amago, and it‘s from Lexa Machooz. And Lexa Machooz is spelled out—it‘s either spelling out both of those names phonetically, or this is some—definitely some sort of secret illuminati code. Lexa Machooz says to Dave Amago, ―Bandit‘s parents are a Dogo Argentino Airedale terrier cross, and a Dogo Argentino mutt cross. That one guy at the park was right!‖ I know you're probably saying to yourself, ―Griffin, you really nailed the pronunciation on those complex dog breed names!‖ You really got it in one.‖ No, dear listener. I got it in seven. Took me seven takes to say the word Airedale terrier, and I'm pretty sure I said it wrong. Anyway, Lexa Machooz... I'm glad that we could clear up this whole dog thing. Uh, Dave Amago, I can't imagine the kind of peace of mind that this is gonna bring to you. Here‘s one last personal message, as long as we‘re Casey Kaseming out. It‘s for Ray, and it‘s from Keith, Kyle, Arwin, and Chris. Those four say to Ray, ―Happy birthday, Ray, from your adventuring party and your dungeon master! Even it Twidget,‖ whom I'm assuming is Ray‘s D&D character, using context clues, ―Even if Twidget only manages to roll ones when she heals, and she seems bent on taking over the world with an undead horde, the party just wouldn‘t be the same without her. We hope you're not too drunk when you hear this, so that you'll actually remember it tomorrow.‖  Listen, we've all been there. Our dad is in a state of constant white Russian drunkenness. And it makes managing his character and his play really difficult. That‘s why he‘s always rolling the wrong die all the damn time. Anyway, that sounds like a pretty cool crew. Happy birthday, Ray. Happy early birthday. His birthday is on the 17th. We came pretty close, though.  I want to thank everybody who has been tweeting about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag. I'm talking about lovely individuals like Jill Hurley, who is Lieutenant Hurley, The Ram. I want to thank Kate Sloane, who is Sloane, The Raven. And Maarvey, who I have completely spaced on, uh, properly naming. But I have it right here in my text document. That‘s Morpo_Winfrey on Twitter. That‘s Maarvey, the gang leader. Sorry I made your character piss their pants. We‘re wrappin‘ up this uh, adventure within the next couple episodes, but get those tweets in,  ̳cause I'm always lookin‘ for cool lookin‘ names, cool soundin‘ names, or lame sounding names that are appropriate to lame characters. Not that any of you have lame names. You're all beautiful butterflake snowfly... butterflake snowflies? It‘s like, midnight. It‘s like, midnight. I know you're all listening, and you're like, ―Aww, Griffin‘s been chiefin‘.‖ It‘s not true. I'm just a sleepy boy.  Thanks for leaving reviews for the show on iTunes. Thanks for going to MaximumFun.org and supporting that network. We got lots of great shows on there. They're all free, all great to listen to. We got other shows on the network like My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Sawbones, Bunker Buddies, lots of shows on the network. We got our fingers in a lot of pies, but there‘s so many good shows on there that we don‘t do, also. You can find them all on MaximumFun.org. We‘re doing a live show. Our first ever live show. Oh my god, it‘s next weekend, no. [laughing] Oh, I have so much prep work to do! So many things to print out! It‘s gonna be at LA PodFest next weekend. We‘re doing My Brother, My Brother, and Me Saturday, we‘re doing The Adventure Zone on Sunday. If you can't make it out to the LA PodFest, that‘s cool. You can go to LAPodFest.com and purchase a streaming ticket, and you can stream our shows and all the shows that are gonna be there, and there‘s a lot of really great shows that are gonna be there.  You can watch them all live for 25 bucks, or if you use the coupon code  ̳Adventure,‘ then you can save five bucks off that and put, uh, a little bit of money in our pocket, and we really, super appreciate that. Again, LAPodFest.com, use the coupon code  ̳Adventure.‘  I feel like I've been going for 600 days on this commercial spot, so I'm gonna throw it back to past us. Uh, the next episode is gonna be up September 24th. That‘s a Thursday. And trust me, that episode – we already recorded it – it‘s gonna be a real humdinger. You're really gonna like it.   Anyway, back to the show!
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Oh, shit! I meant to text you guys earlier, a secret thing, and I completely fucking forgot.
Justin:  Okay. Can you text us now?
Griffin:  Uh, here‘s what I want, here‘s what I want. I want the three of you all to text me, right now, the animal that most encompasses your character‘s state of being.
Travis:  Okay.
Griffin:  The animal that most characterizes your character. I meant to do this yesterday, and I forgot, and don‘t show the other two.
Travis:  I think—I think this is right. I really thought about it, I want you to know this.
Griffin:  Aw, nice.
Travis:  Tell me if you feel like that‘s right Griffin.
Griffin:  Yeah, yeah, no, that‘s real good. [laughs] What‘s that even—okay. Okay. I love it. You all crushed it. Okay, the three of you absconded from the Hammerhead headquarters. The sirens were getting pretty loud, pretty fast. You thought that maybe this was when, when the adventure would come to an end, with you guys in the slammer. Um, but I‘m proud of you for not murdering any more—
Travis:  More.
Griffin:  —than you did. Yeah, you definitely did murder. Uh, but you have made it back to uh, Hurley‘s garage. She, uh, slams the door behind you, and she‘s like...
Hurley:  Did I hear—did I hear sirens?
Magnus:  What? No. Uh, that was, uh, birds. Real big birds.
Hurley:  They didn‘t catch you guys, did they?
Magnus:  No. That‘s why we‘re here, stupid.
Hurley:  That‘s a great... listen, that was a little dumb of me, I'll admit. [laughs] Here‘s your sign, right? Anyway.
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, she says...
Hurley:  Did you get the core?
Taako:  Oh, you know it.
Hurley:  Uh, okay, well, let me see it! Hand it over!
Taako:  No problem!
Justin:  Alright, I pop the cube out of my bag and hand it to her.
Griffin:  Uh, okay, she is—she is, uh, bewildered by the beauty of this engine component. And uh, a big grin spreads across her face. She says...
Hurley:  This is it! This is it, guys! We can do it! We‘re going to be the best racers ever! We‘re going to have the best racing team ever! You guys did great! You didn‘t, um... one thing – you didn‘t kill anybody, did you?
Magnus:  No.
Taako:  No. Not to our knowledge.
Magnus:  We most certainly did not.
Hurley:  I guess I‘ll have to take your word for it. Um...
Magnus:  Mm-hmm.
Hurley:  Well, if I hear anything on the police scanner, though, I will be... well, I‘ll just be very disappointed in you. There won‘t be any like, consequences if you did kill anybody, it‘s just—
Taako:  No, no, but listen. Things got rough in there, and some people got hurt pretty bad, but they escaped with their lives, you know?
Hurley:  I guess that‘s all I can hope for!
Taako:  Right, let me put it—let me put it this way, if this makes you feel better. This was definitely our least fatal conflict we‘ve ever had in our entire lives.
Magnus:  Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we could‘ve killed way more. And we have!
Taako:  Oh boy howdy.
Magnus:  We killed like, a whole town once.
Taako:  Yeah, we wiped out a whole—that‘s neither here nor there. So is this the right thing? I just took a guess.
Magnus:  Did we do good, or...
Taako:  Did we do good or what—what‘s up, you proud of us, or...
Magnus:  Do we all get like, hugs? Handshakes?
Griffin:  She looks—she looks—she looks kind of horrified with you actually. Uh no, she says...
Hurley:  Yeah, no, that‘s the uh... that‘s the right thing. Let me pop it in.
Griffin:  And she, uh, pops the hood of her sleek, black battlewagon, and you see her fidget around with something in there. She pulls out a, uh, a big ol‘ spanner, and twists some stuff in there. And then, the engine kicks on, and it is deafening. It‘s like a... it‘s like a beefy muscle car. I don‘t know anything about cars, I should mention, just for the remainder of this campaign, so like, if I say something and you go, ―Nah, that‘s not how a car works,‖ just know that it is a fantasy world and that is how battlewagons work. And... and calm down a little bit maybe there, Vin Diesel.
Justin:  Got it.
Griffin:  Hurley, uh, Hurley takes the three of you around a big wooden table, and she unfurls a large map showing, uh, what you assume to be the race track. The battlewagon race track. Uh, and it is about a... about a six- mile course that starts way deep out in the wasteland outside of the city, uh, and ends right by the cliff to the west of Goldcliff. Uh, it looks like you actually need to hit those brakes pretty hard once you hit the finish line, because it ends pretty much right on the cliff‘s edge.
Travis:  That‘s pretty sweet. Good job, Griffin.
Griffin:  Thanks! Um, she says...
Hurley:  Okay, let me explain to you guys the rules. Um, we‘re going to be up against 15 opponents. 15 different wagons.
Magnus:  Wait,  ̳we‘?
Hurley:  Yeah.
Magnus:  I assumed this was like, you were—you were driving, and we‘d be like, ―Yay, go!‖
Hurley:  No, you're—a battlewagon—
Taako:  Eating some pretzels.
Hurley:  A race team can have four people on it, so I‘m going to need all the help I can get. I‘ll be driving the car. Um, Magnus, here‘s what I‘m going to need you to do. You‘re going to be in charge of security.
Magnus:  Uh-huh.
Hurley:  Anything goes out on the racetrack, so we‘re probably going to have a lot of boarders.
Magnus:  Mm-hmm.
Hurley:  And when that happens, I‘m going to need you to keep them off the—off the wagon.
Magnus:  We‘re going to have some hop-ons.
Hurley:  We‘re going to have a few hop-ons. You‘ll always have a few hop-ons. And, and—
Taako:  So we‘re going to be Magnus without borders.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  [laughs]
Hurley:  Um, yeah. And listen, if if the opportunity strikes, and you see a good opportunity, and you feel like, uh, hopping onto somebody else‘s wagon, I‘m not going to—
Magnus:  Done. Don‘t ask twice.
Hurley:  I... I won‘t. Um, Taako—
Taako:  Probably the least necessary sentence anyone‘s ever uttered in all of our adventures, frankly.
Clint:  [laughing]
Hurley:  Um, now listen, you—you, you win a battlewagon race by either finishing first, or by being the only surviving wagon by the end of the race. Um, so we‘re going to need somebody who can assault the other wagons in as non-lethal a way as possible, and I can‘t think of a better, uh, a better person to handle that than you, Taako, with your ranged magic.
Taako:  Alright.
Hurley:  So we‘re gonna put you—there‘s a gunner compartment in the middle of the car. Uh, I attached a harpoon cannon up there. We‘re gonna need to save that for as long as we can, because I think we‘ll need it to catch up to the Raven. Um, but, but otherwise, I just want you up there flinging your magic missiles, as you do.
Taako:  Are you wanting to win, or are we just trying to like... get a hold of the Raven?
Hurley:  I wanna win. Beating her is the only way that we‘re gonna be able to convince her to take that sash off.
Taako:  Alright, can we ask her to not use any magic stuff?
Travis:  Good question.
Hurley:  I don‘t think—I don‘t think she‘s going to listen to that. She‘s a— she‘s a really honorable racer. Like, it‘s her favorite thing, so I don‘t think she‘s going to like, you know, cheat by making a big wall of vines come out and block us or anything, but you never know.
Taako:  Okay. You never know.
Hurley:  She‘s a lot of things, but she‘s not a cheater, y'know? And I don‘t think—
Merle:  Yeah, I mean, killer, thief, yeah, but not a—
Magnus:  Crazy, crazy bird woman, yeah.
Hurley:  Well, she‘s... she‘s okay. She‘s... she‘s all right.
Griffin:  Um, she looks kind of bummed out now that you guys—
Magnus:  Hey! Everything‘s going to be great! Cheer up!
Taako:  I‘m sure she‘s a real nice lady.
Hurley:  Merle, I actually have something I want to give you.
Griffin:  She reaches down under the table, and she pulls out a long flat box, uh, and she pops it open.
Clint:  Pizza!
Griffin:  It‘s a pizzaaa! It‘s a fresh cheese pizzaaa.
Clint:  Mmm, that‘s-a nice-a pizza!
Justin:  Sorry Griffin, did you say a cheese pizza?
Griffin:  Uh...
Justin:  Just for me.
Griffin:  No you just blended Kevin McCallister's line with—
Clint:  [laughing]
Justin:  Buzz, your girlfriend. Woof.
Griffin:  [bursts into laughter]
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  She opens up the box, and inside is—
Justin:  I made my family disappear!
Travis:  I made my family disappear! That‘s where I went, too!
Justin:  Ahhh! That‘s actually—there‘s really no way to modulate it, yeah.
Griffin:  That one‘s still the same. Yeah. Uh, she opens up the box, and inside is not a pizza. It is a... really big, um, black... metal... wrench.
Justin:  Dildo!
Griffin:  [laughs] Damn it!
Justin:  [laughs]
Clint:  Too many pauses.
Griffin:  I know. It‘s a large, black, metal wrench. Um, it‘s uh... it‘s almost as tall as you are, Merle. And it has four green gems sort of going around the head of the wrench, um, and she opens it and hands it to you. And it feels—it feels heavy, but in like, a good way. It‘s got a good heft to it.
Travis:  Like a comforting weight.
Griffin:  Right. Um, she says, uh...
Hurley:  I‘ve had this for a long time, and I‘m going to need you to wield it out there on the track. Um. It‘s called the Adamant Spanner. And it‘s going to allow you—those four gems you see there, those are all imbued with a charge of a spell called Repairs. And you‘re gonna need to use that out on the course if we take too much damage, or y‘know, a wheel falls off or something like that.   Um, I‘m gonna need you to get be the body man on the car and help keep us afloat, as well as just sort of support the team as much as you can with your party. If somebody steps to, if things get a little bit real, you could also clobber somebody with it, um, because it‘s, uh... it‘s pretty good about that.
Clint:  So, not a pizza.
Griffin:  It is not a pizza, it is a—it is a plus one magic mace, though.
Clint:  Whoa!
Justin:  Cool!
Clint:  Is it for keepsies?
Griffin:  Uh, maybe. Maybe if you‘re good.
Clint:  Okay!
Justin:  Everything‘s for keepsies if you‘re sneaky about it.
Griffin:  That‘s a good point, Justin.
Clint:  Alright! I put it in Taako‘s bag.
Justin:  It says—it says that quote on the back of my trading card.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  She looks you guys over, uh, sort of thinks it over and goes...
Hurley:  Oh, oh, oh! You guys are going to need safety harnesses, too.
Griffin:  Uh, and she pulls out—
Travis:  Nope!
Hurley:  No? You don‘t...?
Magnus:  Harness? Ahh, no, no, no.
Hurley:  You don‘t even wanna know what that‘s all about?
Griffin:  She pulls out some, some black uh, sort of—
Travis:  Dildos.
Griffin:  —dildos. Damn it!
Justin:  [bursts into laughter and claps]
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, she pulls out these black vests that are made out of these different straps and buckles.
Travis:  Are they a little sequin-y, because they remind me of like, my show choir vests.
Griffin:  No, they are not sequin-y at all. They are very functional. Not, not uh—
Magnus:  Do we have time to put some sequins on them before the race?
Hurley:  Uh, the race is tomorrow morning, so if you want to spend your night...
Magnus:  Plenty of time.
Hurley:  I could spend the night, like, teaching you guys about battlewagon racing, or you could spend the night putting sequins on your safety harness.
Magnus:  [inhales]
Taako:  I vote sequins.
Magnus:  Yeah, I‘m going to go with sequins.
Clint:  What would Bob Fosse do?
Travis:  Yeah.
Hurley:  Well, um...
Griffin:  She hands you three the harnesses. Magnus and Taako, yours fit fine. Uh, Merle, yours is a little bit tight in the midsection, because uh, she‘s giving you one of hers, because she‘s also of the small races, and uh... but she‘s not nearly as wide as you are. So it‘s a little bit tight.
Clint:  So, short and fat. These are the two things you‘ve established about me today?
Griffin:  So let me just go ahead and establish... it‘s very tight around your tummy.
Clint:  Alright, alright.
Griffin:  And that‘s fine! That‘s fine.
Justin:  Bet it cuts a nice silhouette, though.
Griffin:  It does, it looks real good.
Travis:  Because it‘s so tight, it‘s very slimming.
Justin:  Slimming, yeah.
Clint:  Just like a bustier!
Travis:  It‘s more like Spanx.
Justin:  It‘s a girdle.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  Yeah, it‘s dwarf Spanx. Fantasy Spanx.
Clint:  Fantasy Spanx. [laughs]
Griffin:  Fantasy dude Spanx. Um, she says...
Hurley:  These, if you fall off the wagon, these will automatically deploy a bubble around you that will slow the impact with the ground and keep you guys from getting completely murdered out there. Um, don‘t get me wrong – it‘s still really, really, very super-duper dangerous. Like, people are going to be shooting, y‘know, crossbows, and throwing spears, and doing all that stuff. So these won‘t protect you guys from that, but if you do fall off the wagon, uh, these are gonna keep you from definitely dying.
Magnus:  Is there a way to deploy it auto—like, uh, manually?
Hurley:  No. It‘s just—it just pops off once you fall off the wagon and are about to hit the ground.
Magnus:  Gotcha.
Hurley:  Uh... oh, and I have one more thing. Remember, when you‘re out there, it‘s technically not legal. Although, we‘re going to have thousands and thousands of spectators watching through uh, through these—
Griffin:  She points out on the map.
Hurley:  —these black pylons that sort of outline the track. Those allow the spectators to watch us. Um, so you‘re going to need anonymity, um, and so, I have one more gift for the three of you.
Griffin:  And she pulls out three boxes full of dildos and pizza.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  [laughs]
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  She says, uh...
Hurley:  I whipped these up based on your guys‘ requests.
Griffin:  Uh, she cracks the first one open and tosses it to you, uh, uh, Magnus.
Travis:  Mm-hmm.
Griffin:  And it is the head of a, uh, roaring brown grizzly bear.
Travis:  Yeaaah!
Griffin:  It is—it looks really, really intimidating. You guys can see his eyes sort of through the grizzly bear‘s open mouth. Uhh, and, uh... sorry, I just opened up the text that Travis sent me his animal request in, and, uh, inexplicably, there is a picture of Reginald VelJohnson. Uh, Travis texted me a picture of Reginald VelJohnson about a week ago, and I‘m not a hundred percent sure why.
Clint:  Well, he‘s a large bear of a man.
Travis:  Yeah, no reason.
Griffin:  Yeah, but this is completely unrelated. Uh, she says...
Hurley:  Taako, this one‘s yours.
Griffin:  And she slides the box across the table to you, uh, and as you open it, you see two adorable beady eyes looking back at you.
Clint:  Awww.
Justin:  Awww.
Griffin:  Uh, and you see a long snout with a black nose, and it‘s kind of a cute, furry face. But in its mouth, you can see a row of surprisingly sharp, kind of un-adorable teeth, and she says...
Hurley:  I‘m not one hundred percent sure why you requested the mongoose, but, um... heeere it—here it is. Um.
Taako:  It fits perfectly!
Magnus:  Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. I get that.
Hurley:  Seriousl—can I ask? Grizzly bear I get for this big, beefy man beef here but... why the mongoose?
Taako:  Because um, the mongoose has specialized acetylcholine receptors that make it impervious to venom, and so, they‘re known for killing snakes. Very surprisingly dangerous, like, y‘know? Rikki-Tikki-Tavi. You know? You know, not everything has to be a joke.
Clint:  [laughs]
Taako:  Sometimes you just be honest about your feelings, and that‘s how I see myself, you know? I may not be the most threatening silhouette, but I like to think of myself as somebody who can stand up for—you know, it doesn‘t always have to be goof, goof, dildo machines over here, okay? I‘m travelling around with the boner squad, and I never get to just say what I‘m feeling. I have emotions!
Magnus:  Cast Calm Emotions, quick!
Taako:  It‘s not all abraca-fuck you and what have you! I have a beating heart! I‘m multidimensional! I‘m a fully realized creation! Fuck!!
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  This whole—this whole speech is coming from inside this mongoose mask which really intensifies how dramatic it is.
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, and she—
Clint:  Oh god.
Griffin:  She says, uh...
Hurley:  Merle, here‘s yours.
Griffin:  Uh, and slides the box across the table to you. And you open it up, and you see two giant yellow eyes inside looking back at you, uh, surrounded by white feathers and a rugged-looking, uh, cracked yellow beak. Uh, and she says...
Hurley:  The owl, a symbol of wisdom, and also they can barf up whole mice skeletons.
Magnus:  Just like you.
Merle:  Exactly.
Hurley:  Listen, you‘re not the only one who knows about animal stuff, Taakooo.
Taako:  M‘kay.
Magnus:  It‘s called the bolus.
Hurley:  It‘s called the—I know it‘s called the bolus! Mag-nuus.
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, yeah, so—so your mongoose mask, Taako, fits really well. Surprisingly, you can see out of the little beady eyes, um, really nicely, and same goes for you, Merle, with your owl mask.
Clint:  You sure it‘s not a little too small, like my head‘s too fat, or anything like that?
Griffin:  Ah, no, she tailored this real nice for you.
Clint:  Okay, alright.
Griffin:  Uh, she uh, says...
Hurley:  Well, I‘m out of presents, so I‘d like to move onto the next scene. Um...
Travis:  [laughs] Star wipe!
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  The three of you—the three of you try on your different kit. She takes you over to the wagon, shows you your positions.
Travis:  Griffin, are we montaging?
Griffin:  Yeah, we‘re montaging. You—
Travis:  Yes!
Griffin:  You put on your masks. Uh, this will be fun. I don‘t know if we‘ve ever done a montage before.
Clint:  [begins humming the Rocky theme]
Griffin:  Merle, you are gonna be riding shotgun, with your, uh, your big ol‘—
Clint:  Shotgun!
Griffin:  —big ol‘ spanner. Imagine—I‘m trying to give you an idea of like, the proportions of the car. Imagine, like, the, the Death Proof muscle car. Like, a long—like a Challenger. Like a flat hood, pretty wide back end, big ol‘ covered roof, um... So you‘re going to be riding shotgun. Merle, there‘s like a little, uh, component in the center of the car where like, the backseat would be, where the harpoon cannon is mounted, so you‘ll be sort of poking out, like, peeking out above the roof.
Travis:  Wait, you mean Taako?
Griffin:  Taako, yeah, sorry. Merle, you‘re riding shotgun.
Clint:  Right.
Griffin:  Uh, and Magnus, uh, there are, uh, two rails running along the back, top and front of the car. Just like, two rails. You‘re going to be strapped into those in your harness.
Travis:  Yes!
Griffin:  Uh, able to sort of move throughout the length of the car. There‘s also a handle on the back of the car, the roof of the car, and the hood of the car for you to hold onto, if things get hairy.
Travis:  Yesss!
Griffin:  And she is going to—
Travis:  Yeeesss!!
Griffin:  She‘s going to be driving the car. Uh, does that all make sense?
Travis:  Yes.
Justin:  Where am I?
Clint:  Yeeesss.
Griffin:  You‘re—
Justin:  Where‘s Taako?
Griffin:  You‘re in the, uh the gunner compartment, sort of in the center of the car, poking out of the back seat, through the roof.
Justin:  That‘s cool.
Griffin:  Do you not like that?
Justin:  No, it‘s fine.
Clint:  It‘s kind of a whack-a-mole kind of—
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  I‘m into it.
Griffin:  Alright, uh, so, you spend the evening—well, it‘s your montage, what do you—how do you spend your evening?
Justin:  I mean, is there anything that will increase our proficiency? Like, because this is a montage, right? It‘s not just stuff that we ourselves could learn. So, is there like—
Travis:  Is this—
Justin:  Are we... you know what I‘m saying? Are we learning anything?
Travis:  Yeah, is there stuff I can put on my boots to help me like, get traction on top of the car, and stuff like that?
Griffin:  Uh, no. Do you still have your infinite heavy bean? I don‘t think you do.
Travis:  My infinite heavy bean? I can‘t remember what happened in past episodes, I‘m not a machine.
Griffin:  Uh, no, you... It‘s—I mean, it‘s more like, a summer vacation montage, and less like a Rocky training montage. It‘s more like, a uh, Camp Nowhere thing.
Justin:  Now, could I take this opportunity to unlearn spells and relearn different spells?
Griffin:  Oh yeah, this is going to be a long ass—this is a long-ass break. You guys are starting from zero, uh, cause you‘re—I don‘t wanna give out any spoilers, but you‘re going to need all the health and magic you can get.
Travis:  Griffin, is there anything I can do in this montage to increase my AC from 17 to, like, a more robust number?
Griffin:  Uh, no.
Travis:  [groans]
Griffin:  Again, Camp Nowhere.
Clint:  So is this—are we training, or are we...
Griffin:  For god‘s sake, no! You‘re jumping on the blob on the lake and sending each other flying, and you‘re having an ice cream party!
Clint:  Okay, all right. [singing] We had joy, we had fun, we ha—
Griffin:  Montage—the montage is over.
Clint:  Oh, shoot.
Griffin:  Uh, it‘s the next morning, and the three—
Travis:  Morning montage!
Griffin:  No—
Travis:  Breakfast!
Clint:  [singing] Morning has broken!
Justin:  There is an egg sizzling in a pan.
Travis:  Oh, we got a Rube Goldberg Machine to make breakfast. We switch it on, and it‘s like—
Clint:  [singing a tune]
Griffin:  Uh, okay. Uh, the four of you wake up bright and early in the morning.
Clint:  Good morning, Conky!
Griffin:  In fact you, you didn‘t get any sleep last night. Actually, no, wait. You did, because you had a long rest.
Justin:  Why did we montage so hard?
Griffin:  You montaged so hard. In lieu of a long rest, you montaged. You all drove your—your battlewagon out into the desert to a predetermined spot before the sun even rises. And uh, you see a large crate in the distance on wheels, and there‘s uh, a pit crew of goblins sort of watching over the crate, sort of motioning, uh, Hurley inside. And she drives into the crate and the door behind you, uh, lifts up and closes, so you are inside this crate. Um, she says, uh...
Hurley:  This is another sort of security precaution. It also helps keep things fair,  ̳cause you can‘t really scout out the other vehicles that we‘re going to be going up against today. Um, listen...
Griffin:  So, so you spend about a half hour in there, moving hither, hither and yon.
Travis:  Sweating our balls off.
Griffin:  Yeah, it‘s sweltering. It is extremely, extremely hot. Surprisingly, your masks are nice and cool. You‘re not sure what material they‘re made out of, but they seem to be keeping you dry, perspiration-free.
Clint:  So nothing like the Cowabunga costume?
Griffin:  No, nothing like the costume that we all at some point in our lives wore, uh, to celebrate the good country music coming from WTCR.
Clint:  That‘s it! Yeah, giant cow costume.
Griffin:  There are some holes cut in the, cut in the, uh, the crate that you guys are inside of, letting in beams of sunlight in. There‘s also a significant amount of dust coming in. You get the idea that there is wind whipping up kind of, uh, a light dust storm outside.   And as the beams of light start shining in, you know that the sun has rose, and then your crate stops moving. And you hear a flurry of activity outside. You hear engines revving, you hear war cries, you hear singing. You hear, uh, some, some deep-voiced laughter. Uhh, and then you hear a loud horn.  [deep horn sound effect, like a cruise ship]
Griffin:  And uh, and Hurley says...
Hurley:  Ready yourselves. When you hear the second horn, that‘s when we‘re going. Remember, we got 15 opponents, but all we have to do is beat Sloane. Do you guys have any last words?
Merle:  [sighs] Um, yeah...  [horn sounds a second time]
Travis:  [laughs]
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Hey, before I let you all go, I just want to say thanks one more time to Nature Box! So here I go. Step back and watch me thank. Thanks to Nature Box, where you can order hundreds of great tasting snacks. You can go to NatureBox.com/Adventure to sign up for a sampler box of great tasting snacks! We‘ll see you all when the next episode drops, Thursday, September 24th.
