Griffin:  Previously, on The Adventure Zone...
Hurley:  We‘re—we‘re gonna be the best racers, ever! We‘re gonna have the best racing team ever! Magnus, you‘re gonna be in charge of security. We‘re probably gonna have a lot of boarders, and I‘m gonna need you to keep  ̳em off the... off the wagon.
Travis:  We're gonna have some hop-ons.
Hurley:  You win a battlewagon race by either finishing first or being the only surviving wagon by the end of the race. Um, so we‘re gonna need somebody who can assault the other wagons. I just want you up there, flinging your magic missiles. Merle, I actually have something I wanna give you.
Griffin:  It's a large black, metal wrench.
Hurley:  It‘s called the Adamant Spanner. And you‘re gonna need to use that out on the course if we take too much damage, or y‘know, a wheel falls off or something like that.
Griffin:  She hands you three the, uh, harnesses.
Hurley:  If you fall off the wagon, these will automatically—
Travis:  Ugh.
Hurley:  —deploy a bubble around you.
Griffin:  And she drives into the crate, and the door behind you lifts up and closes.
Hurley:  Remember, we got 15n opponents, but all we have to do is beat Sloane.
The Announcer:  Get out of my dreams, and into my battlewagon! Hop in the backseat, baby! It's the Adventure Zone!
[theme music plays]
Griffin: [a loud horn sounds] You hear another horn come from outside, and Hurley kicks the engine into gear even before the crate door drops. And suddenly, you are blinded by the sun pouring into the crate in which your battlewagon was hiding. And even as your eyes adjust, you can't really see much, but you do hear a lot.   You hear engines roaring even louder now. You hear a dust storm sort of whipping up around the starting line here. And then you start to see bright flashes of light, moving between the different battlewagons. And before you can really fully ascertain the situation, the three of you are deafened by an explosion about twenty meters to your left. And after that explosion you hear another horn.  [horn sounds]
Griffin:  Which seemed to be emanating from these big, black pylons. And then, as soon as the—like, while you're trying to figure that out, two magic missiles fly over the car, nearly missing Taako, and a spear flies just directly in front of the car. And then, Hurley shifts gears, and you are sort of pushed back in your seats by the acceleration.   And you seem to be moving away from the pack, and then, uh, as you, as you sort of pull away a little bit, you hear four more horns sound from the pylons.  [four short, low horns sound]
Griffin:  And Hurley says...
Hurley:  Every time you hear one of those it means that we've knocked somebody out!
Griffin:  She's like...
Hurley:  We‘re already—we‘re already five down so we‘re, we‘re looking good!
Magnus:  [loudly] What?
Griffin:  [laughs]
Merle:  [loudly] Why are you yelling?
Griffin:  Uh, she's yelling 'cause it's super-duper loud. Then you hear her yell...
Hurley:  Damn it!
Griffin:  And as you, you look forward, you see that just a single vehicle, a tri-wheeled almost longboat with these two large black wings sort of splaying off the back, with a single racer, the Raven, is really far ahead of you guys. And Hurley shouts...
Hurley:  I‘ll catch up! Just keep everyone else off our tail!
Magnus:  [loudly] What?
Hurley:  [louder] I‘ll catch up, just keep everyone else off our tail!
Magnus:  [loudly] What about ketchup?
Griffin:  Um... [laughs] No sooner has she said that do you see a large vehicle approaching from the dust clouds behind you. It is a long bobsled propelled by a single, huge rocket thruster, and it‘s manned by four goblins, and they‘re all wearing velociraptor masks.   Uh, and three of them are clutching these large, rugged looking spears. On the front of this bobspled—uh, bobsled, is a large, pronged spear, uh, that is currently rocketing towards you. So let‘s roll initiative, and I‘m gonna use your guys rolls for the rest of the race and just sort of drop other stuff in as we go.
Travis:  I got 17.
Griffin:  Pretty good roll.
Travis:  Thank you.
Justin:  Can I ask a question, Griffin, before rollin‘? A lot of my spells, in the descriptions, are specific to, like... they specifically talk about creatures, without mentioning like... like, it‘s not really... specific to like vehicles, or like we‘re doing right now. D-does—would my spells still work the same, or—
Griffin:  We‘ll just take it—we‘ll just take it as it goes. Like if you—I would say, yeah, you can fire a magic missile at a car. Can you charm a car? No.
Travis:  Well...
Griffin:  Can you put a car to sleep? No, you can‘t. Unless it‘s Knight Rider, in which case you probably could.
Justin:  Okay. He probably has a button for that.
Griffin:  Yeah, a sleepy-time button.
Travis:  The sleep button.
Justin:  16. 16 is Taako‘s—
Griffin:  Oh, by the way. I should‘ve mentioned this before. Merle, in front of you, is a single big button that last night during the montage, Hurley warned you not to touch. It‘s sort of built—
Clint:  Really?
Griffin:  It‘s built into the dashboard directly in front of you.
Clint:  Oh man, and it‘s just right there, right?
Griffin:  It is just right there, yeah.
Travis:  Don‘t think about pushing that button.
Clint:  [groans]
Griffin:  What did everyone get on their rolls?
Clint:  I got 18!
Justin:  16.
Travis:  17.
Griffin:  Wow!
Travis:  We‘re just like, super good at rolling.
Griffin:  Okay. Um, Merle, you‘re up first. One thing I‘ll tell you guys that may come in handy, is that you can delay your turn and sort of drop yourself into the order however you want. Um, not that you have to do that, Merle, it‘s just... an option. Uh, so this car is about twenty feet behind your guys‘ wagon. And by car, I mean bobsled. Holy shit, I‘m going to have to be really good about that.
Travis:  Okay, so we gotta stop Team Jamaica.
Clint:  [laughs] Okay, alright. I am going to cast Enhance Ability.
Griffin:  Interesting!
Clint:  Yeah. I‘m gonna cast it on... Magnus.
Griffin:  What does this do?
Clint:  ―You touch a creature and bestow upon it a magical enhancement. You get to choose Bear‘s Endurance, Bull‘s Strength... ‖  I‘m gonna actually cast Bull‘s Strength.
Griffin:  [laughs] I bet you—Magnus wishes you‘d cast Bear‘s Endurance because he is a bear.
Travis:  I‘ll take Bear‘s Strength. That‘s what I‘m going with, in my head.
Clint:  Alright, I‘ll go with  ̳Bear‘s Endurance.‘
Griffin:  No no, do the good one.
Travis:  [crosstalk] Wait, wait, what do they do?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Clint:  Uh... I have to look on page 237 to tell you that.
Griffin:  [bursts into laughter]
Travis:  Oh no! You ran into the yeti in the cave, start over.
Griffin:  This has, this has been... the D&D Player‘s Handbook audiobook. Hosted by Clint McElroy.
Justin:  What‘s it called? What‘s the spell called, Dad?
Clint:  It‘s called Enhance Ability.
Griffin:  It‘s called ―Enhands.‖ And what it does is, it takes your member, and it stretches it out like taffy.
Travis:  Don‘t put your member in someone‘s hands!
Griffin:  No, it‘s like a taffy stretching machine.
Travis:  Oh.
Clint:  Okay. Uhh... okay, ―Bear‘s Endurance The target has advantage on constitution checks.‖
Griffin:  That‘s probably not gonna happen.
Clint:  Alright then. ―The target has advantage on strength checks.‖
Travis:  Yup.
Griffin:  [muttering] That probably would be helpful.
Clint:  ―And his or her carrying capacity doubles.‖
Griffin:  M‘kay. So you can carry—
Travis:  I pick up the car!
Griffin:  [laughs]
Clint:  So I give him advantage—I give him advantage on strength.
Griffin:  Okay! Uh, cool. You grab onto Magnus‘ ankle, who I imagine—
Clint:  I‘m really gettin‘ this cleric shit, aren‘t I?
Griffin:  Yeah, you‘re doin‘ good! Uh, you, you grab onto Magnus‘ ankle, he seems somewhat startled, but then he seems energized. His—his muscles just glisten in the hot Goldcliff sun.
Clint:  Eugh.
Travis:  I fully Rock out.
Griffin:  What do you—what do you mean by that?
Travis:  Like The Rock. He‘s a big—
Griffin:  What?
Travis:  —burly man.
Griffin:  Oh, I see, I see, I see, I see, I see. Yes, okay. His eyebrows grow three sizes and move upwards on his face about a half a foot. He‘s got a lot of face.   Uh, okay! Next in the order are the goblins. The first goblin, the driver goblin, is not going to do anything. He‘s just sort of driving the car. He is not really moving fast enough to catch up to ram you guys with that big gnarly looking spear on the front of the bobsled. The goblin behind him is going to run up the front of the car and try to leap onto the back of your guys‘ battle wagon. Uh, he made a 24 athletics so, he—
Travis:  Woof.
Griffin:  —effortlessly jumps. Uh, and as he is coming down, he is going to make an attack roll against Magnus.
Travis:  Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, he rolls a 15 versus AC.
Travis:  That is not good enough, and I am going to use...
Griffin:  Oh shit.
Travis:  Um, when a creature misses you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction to expend one superiority die to make a melee weapon attack against the creature. If you hit, you add superiority dice to the attack‘s damage. I‘m going to use Phantom Fist and push him backwards.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  Push him back, push him back, waaay back!
Travis:  So, that‘s 19 plus seven, 26.
Griffin:  Okay, this guy leaps off the front of his bobsled, with a pretty enormous horizontal leap, and just brings this spear down on you with one hand. But you effortlessly, like the water, just sort of move out of the way of it and greet his jump with a Shoryuken uppercut that sends him flying backwards and underneath of the bobsled that he just jumped out of.
Travis:  And everyone on the goblin cart just kinda starts crying.
Griffin:  They look a little bit grim. The two goblins behind him are going to throw spears at you.
Travis:  Okay.
Griffin:  First one rolls... a 19.
Travis:  Uhh... aw shit, just hits.
Griffin:  And the second one... rolls a 12, not gonna do it.
Travis:  Not gonna do it. And I also just remembered I have Fletcher's fist. It's still a miss, but I'm very excited about my Fletcher's Mitt.
Griffin:  Oh yeah, I forget what that does.
Travis:  Plus one AC versus ranged.
Griffin:  Oh yeah. Uh, you take, fiiive... teeen... 14 points of damage from that spear.
Travis:  Uh, is it worth it to use another one and use, uh, my—
Griffin:  I'm going to say just in the interest of moving things forward...
Travis:  No? Okay. So I take 14?
Griffin:  14 points of damage. Uhh, and that is it for the gerblins. Next up is Magnus.
Travis:  Cool.
Griffin:  You are strapped into this railing, these two railings going across the top of the car. You‘ve just offed one gerblin.
Travis:  Okay, I‘m going to aim an arrow at another gerblin.
Griffin:  Okay, which one? The driver or one of the two spear-throwers?
Travis:  The driver.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  That's probably not gonna hit. That's a 12?
Griffin:  Yeah, that's not gonna do it. You fire an arrow at the driver of the car, but it sort of just bounces off the—he's got like a little, a little windshield that it just kinda glances off of. Um, next in the order is... Taako.
Justin:  Something's unclear to me. Are these like, encounters that we need to, like... defeat these people, or is there a chance we can just go faster than them? Like what— ̳cause we're not involved at the racing aspect of it?
Griffin:  You're not involved with the—yeah, don't worry about the speed part of it. Unless you can, like, figure out a way to slow their car down. Like, you can affect it that way, but you're not gonna be able to make your car go faster.
Justin:  Okay, got it. Um... what are—what are the wheels of this thing looking like?
Griffin:  There are no wheels, it just got these two sort of rails underneath it, and it has this gigantic engine thruster behind it.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  Like a—it‘s almost like a—it's almost like a rocket. Like, one of those land speed setting rockets. And it's got a big ol' spear on the front of it.
Justin:  Oh, it‘s just like a rocket?
Griffin:  Kind of, yeah.
Justin:  Is it bobsled shaped?
Griffin:  Yeah it's a bobsled-like—there was a row of four dudes inside of it like a bobsled.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  How much would you guess it weighs?
Griffin:  [laughs] I don't know, Justin, maybe a... like a ton? Like a—naw, half a ton? Maybe half a ton?
Justin:  Half a ton? Maybe even half of that, if you think about it.
Travis:  Yeah I would say that's like, 500 pounds.
Justin:  400—499 maybe even.
Clint:  Well,  ̳cause they have to have, they have to be light for the speed.
Justin:  Yeah, well that's, that‘s my point, Dad.
Clint:  In the chicanes.
Griffin:  Well I guess it would be fiberglass. We‘ll say 499.
Justin:  499. Okay, I cast Levitate.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  [amused] Okay.
Justin:  On the bobsled.
Griffin:  Okay, so what is the... okay. Alright. So what does that mean? That—well, no no no,  ̳cause you can—they have to resist. They can—an enemy resists being levitated, right?
Justin:  I'm not—I‘m not levitating them. I'm levitating their sled.
Griffin:  Okay. [snorts] Well, you got me there.
Justin:  If you can tell me how a sled resists levitation...
Griffin:  No, you got a great point. Um, so what does that mean?
Justin:  Uh, okay so... you don't know what levitate means?
Griffin:  No, the spell, what does it mean? I'm trying to figure out what this is gonna do to this bobsled.
Justin:  Okay, right. So, ―One creature or object of my choice that I can see within range rises vertically up to 20 feet, and remains suspended there for the duration. This spell can levitate a target that weighs up to 500 pounds. An unwilling creature...‖ Blah blah blah blah blah.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  ―A target can move only by pushing or pulling against a fixed object or surface within reach, which allows it to move as if it were climbing. You can change the targeted altitude by up to 20 feet in either direction on your turn. If you‘re the target, you can move up or down as a part of your move.‖ So, I'm going to levitate it, but I'm going to change the direction of the front of the vehicle, so it's just going up.
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  You can do that, you can choose which part of—
Justin:  Uh, well I can change the target's altitude by up to 20 feet, so I guess it‘s just the altitude.
Griffin:  Yeah, it's just the altitude. Okay, here‘s how we're going to resolve this,  ̳cause I love it. Uh, you levitate this bobsled, with its three riders inside of it. And uh, it comes off the ground. And you see the driver start to like, try and twist the wheel around, but it‘s just sort of changing the sort of slant of the rails underneath of the car. And everybody inside starts to panic.   One of the spear thrower raptors just jumps off the back. And you see his bubble, this bright blue bubble surround him as he disappears into the dust. And the—the bobsled is actually picking up speed, because it doesn't have any friction sort of stopping it anymore. Um, and the spear on the front of the car sort of leaves a superficial gash in the, uh, in the rear of your battlewagon, very narrowly missing Magnus. As it sort of digs into that pivot point, though, the car just starts flipping and spinning wildly, and you see it disappear into the dust, throwing both of its riders, uh, into the storm.
Justin:  Cool.
Travis:  That‘s—that‘s—that was pretty hot. I liked that a lot.
Clint:  So the whole killing embargo is more or less over?
Travis:  No, it's—hey, no holds barred on the racetrack.
Justin:  No they have the—they have the safety harnesses, just like us, right? They‘ll be fine.
Griffin:  Yeah, everyone's got a safety harness.
Clint:  Boink boink boink boink boink.
Travis:  It‘s game day.
Justin:  It's game day, son.
Clint:  Boink boink boink boink. [laughs]
Griffin:  Hurley—Hurley looks backwards at the scene when she hears the car get run into and goes...
Hurley:  [shouting] That was tight!!
Griffin:  And uh—
Magnus:  [shouting] What?!
Griffin:  Shifts gears and uh, moves forward even faster. Um, uh... you handled that in a very unexpected way. Uh, uh, you guys get about... [blows a raspberry] 30 seconds of sort of silence, as you‘re moving faster. Not—not complete silence, you hear a horn blast—  [horn sounds]
Griffin:  —as you send the rocket bobsled spinning off into the air. That was the sixth horn. Um, and uh, you get a little bit of dead time, until you hear this—this grinding, roaring sound coming to sort of back and to the right of you. And out of the dust storm behind you, you see another vehicle come through. And before you actually see it, you see its shadow, and it's towering. It's gigantic. It's like... it's like 40 feet tall.   And as it sort of makes its way out of the dust storm, you see it almost like... a single, giant wheel. Like a giant wooden water wheel, almost, with these big iron rivets in it. And inside of the wheel is this static, circular chamber, and inside of that chamber are two pilots. Uh, they are these really stout looking dwarves, and they're wearing gerbil masks.
Clint:  [bursts into laughter]
Griffin:  And uh, they uh, they...
Clint:  And they're running like crazy!
Griffin:  No they're not—they're not running, they're just sort of, uh, they‘re just sort of driving it. But you do get the right idea, and I appreciate that.
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, and they pull up on one side of—
Travis:  What‘s it made out of?
Griffin:  Uh, it‘s made out of wood and these biiig iron rivets.
Travis:  Great.
Griffin:  Not tree wood.
Travis:  Aw, damn it.
Griffin:  I‘ve explained this to you before. It only works on trees, not all wood forever.
Travis:  All wood was trees!
Griffin:  That‘s—I can‘t argue with that. And they are going to roll initiative. Uh, who was the last person to go?
Travis:  Uh, the goblins.
Justin:  It was me.
Griffin:  No, it was Taako.
Travis:  It was Taako.
Griffin:  Cool. First in the order is Merle. Um, Merle, so far, the car is roughly undamaged? There‘s a bit of a gash in the back of the car.
Travis:  Magnus just licks his thumb and rubs it out. And it goes away.
Griffin:  Uh, you‘ve got, you‘ve got four charges left on your Adamant Spanner that you can use to heal the car.
Clint:  Okay.
Griffin:  But you don‘t have to do that. You can do whatever you want.
Clint:  Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, the wheel is—the wheel is to your right, and it‘s about, uh... it‘s actually about a pretty good distance away. It‘s about—it‘s about 30 yards away.
Clint:  I wanna cast Healing Word on Magnus.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  Cool!
Clint:  Um, so, I roll a d4 and I add my spellcasting. Do you have your d4?
Justin:  It‘s the pyramid.
Clint:  Okay. Uh, four.
Justin:  Nice!
Clint:  And I add six to that, so that gives Trav ten points of healing.
Travis:  I love that.
Clint:  And I do it with a sage look in my eye and a little glint, and then I give him a Werther‘s.
Griffin:  [laughs] Okay.
Justin:  What a—this is a level of competent and responsible play I‘m not used to from this group.
Griffin:  [laughs] I know!
Clint:  Oh, don‘t worry!
Travis:  We‘re doing like, good?
Clint:  We‘ll work our way out of it.
Griffin:  Uh, alright.
Justin:  Don‘t jinx it.
Griffin:  Next in the order is Magnus.
Travis:  Okay. So, at this point... I think I‘m just gonna ready an action and just be ready to like, repel boarders. So just like, ready a Phantom Fist attack.
Griffin:  Okay!
Travis:  If somebody jumps on.
Griffin:  Yeah, you can do that. Uh, next in the order is the pilots of the wheel. The wheel, uh...
Clint:  [laughs] Sounds like a Robert Jordan book.
Griffin:  It does kind of! You guys see the wheel start to change directions, and it changes directions much faster than you thought something of that size could possibly do. And it rolls directly toward your battle wagon, and then it rolls over it.
Justin:  Oh.
Griffin:  So Magnus and Taako, uhh, it sort of rolls directly over, uh, the sort of back of the roof. So you two are gonna need to make dexterity saving throws.
Travis:  Okay.
Justin:  Oh! 20!
Griffin:  20. Okay, uh, Taako, you duck down in the back seat.
Justin:   ̳Kay.
Travis:  I rolled an 18.
Griffin:  An 18, okay. You leap backwards, and the straps on your harness catch you on the back of the rails. You‘re sort of leaning at like a 45 degree angle over the open road, as this wheel rolls over the battle wagon and just sort of crumples the roof right down.
Clint:  Okay, and, uh, I‘m—I‘m serious, help me visualize this. They‘re rolling across us?
Griffin:  Yes they‘re sort of rolling-
Clint:  In the middle, or over the... over the, over the—
Justin:  Like, vertically? Or—
Clint:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Oh, they‘re sort of cutting a line sort of horizontally across the middle of the car.
Justin:  Okay, okay.
Griffin:  Sort of crumpling the—the uh, almost exactly where Taako‘s, uh, little hidey hole was? It just sort of rolls right over that.
Travis:  Griffin, I would like to use my readied action.
Griffin:  Uh, okay. This is a gigantic wheel, it‘s not gonna do...
Travis:  No, I got you. Can I—can I switch out my readied action and use, like, a different action?
Griffin:  No, no, you can‘t. Once you—you can‘t—yeah.
Travis:  Aww.
Griffin:  So Taako, you are gonna—
Travis:  So never mind.
Griffin:  Uh, you are gonna have—Taako, you‘re gonna have disadvantage on any ranged attacks you make while your little hidey hole is crumpled down.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  You‘re not gonna be able to like, get out of it.
Justin:  But I can‘t—okay. Okay.
Griffin:  And the wheel rolls completely over your car. You hear Hurley yell an expletive from the front seat, and now it sort of steadies itself about 30 meters to your left. Or no, it‘s actually a little bit closer. It‘s about—
Clint:  What was the expletive?
Griffin:  It‘s about 35, or 30 feet to your left. The expletive was  ̳shit,‘ Dad.
Clint:  Okay, okay. That‘s kinda her go-to word.
Griffin:  Yeah. Uhh, it is very good that the two of you dodged that. Next in the order is, uh, Taako. Taako, you are sort of in the backseat. Your hole— your hidey hole is uh, is in a state of disarray. Um, and it is your turn.
Justin:  So you said that, like, ranged attacks... but like...
Griffin:  Anything you have to make a ranged attack roll on is gonna have disadvantage.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, the wheel, I‘m going to go ahead and tell you, is much, much heavier than the bobsled, so...
Justin:  Like, like if you had to make a saving throw, but it‘s just a saving throw, it‘s—
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s not an attack.
Justin:  Okay, great. I‘m gonna cast Crown of Madness on—
Griffin:  [laughs] What?
Justin:  —whichever one is not obviously steering the vehicle.
Griffin:  Uh, okay. I don‘t wanna—
Justin:  Are they working in tandem?
Griffin:  Yeah, it‘s almost like a, uh, Pacific Rim style thing.
Justin:  Well, then, the one of the left.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  [laughs]
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  What does that mean?
Justin:  Well, what Crown of Madness does—this is good. What Crown of Madness does is, um, uh... first off, it puts a twisted crown of jagged iron across his head.
Griffin:  Holy shit! This is some Hellraiser stuff!
Justin:  Yeah, this is some brutal stuff. Um, and the charmed target must use its action before moving on each of its turns to make a melee attack against a creature other than itself that I mentally choose. So I‘m gonna cast it on one of them.
Griffin:  And have them attack the other one?
Justin:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Okay!
Travis:  Uhh, dope.
Griffin:  Uh, and I roll to save against this, right?
Justin:  Yeah, and it‘s a wisdom one.
Griffin:  Wisdom, okay. Well, let me come up with an imaginary—I'll roll a...
Clint:  How smart can gerbils be?
Justin:  Right? I mean, I‘d figure they‘d be stupes. Wicked stupes.
Griffin:  Well, it‘s plus one.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, 13!
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  What‘s your spellcasting saving throw? It‘s eight plus your spellcasting modifier.
Justin:  Um, and my spellcasting modifier iiis...
Travis:  Six, right?
Justin:  It‘s five—yeah, plus five.
Griffin:  With the plus one umbrella, it‘s plus six, yeah. Okay, yeah! You see the, uh, the gerbil in the back, horrifyingly, cause it‘s a fucking gerbil... you see this barbed wire crown just sort of appear on its head. Uhh, and the— the wheel starts to wobble a  ̳lil bit.
Clint:  The wheel wobbles, but it won‘t fall down!
Griffin:  Uhh, next in the order is, uh, Merle. Merle, it is your turn.
Clint:  Yeah, I‘ve gotta—I‘ve gotta use one of the charges on the uh, the Spanner of Adam Ant. So, uh...
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Okay, you uh—
Clint:  [singing] Goody two, goody two, goody goody two shoes!
Justin:  It makes that noise! I can‘t believe this thing makes that noise when you use it!
Griffin:  [laughs] You uh, you lean out the passenger side window, and just sort of bring the mace down on top of the car, and uh—
Clint:  Wait, can I say some—
Griffin:  Yeah, say stuff.
Clint:  Can I say some exciting dialogue or something?
Griffin:  Yeah, yeah!
Clint:  Uhh, uhh... say...
Merle:  [loudly] Ace is the place of the helpful hardware maaan!
Clint:  Clang!!
Travis:  This week's episode is brought to you by Ace.
Griffin:  Apparently. Uh, you bring it down on top of the car, kabong, and uh, magically, the car just sort of—the roof just sort of pops itself out. It just kinda pops itself back into place. And weirdly, like, the roof is now waxed. It‘s like it‘s shining in the sun. Although, that doesn‘t last very long, because you‘re in a dust storm.
Clint:  Okay, and also, what about the little rend in the back? Did it fix that too?
Griffin:  Nope! Just fixed the roof. So you get the—
Travis:  Fixes whatever the repair...
Griffin:  Yeah, you get the idea that maybe it doesn‘t fix the whole car? It just fixes whatever you are sort of targeting.
Clint:  Okay. Gotcha.
Griffin:  Next in the order is Magnus.
Travis:  Great. So the wheel still hasn‘t fallen over yet?
Griffin:  No, although it‘s lookin‘—it‘s lookin‘ a little bit shaky. It‘s lookin‘ a little bit shaky.
Travis:  And how close is it to me?
Griffin:  Uhh, it‘s about 35 feet to your left.
Taako:  I wouldn‘t expend any energy on it. I mean it—
Griffin:  Yeah, he got—the gerbils are next.
Taako:  Yeah, and it‘s not gonna go great for them.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  You can also delay your turn Trav, if you wanna wait.
Travis:  I feel ya. Um, so, I would—what I‘m gonna do is not attack that thing. But what I am going to do for future use is, tie my rope to my crowbar. And like, that‘s my action for this turn.
Griffin:  Wait, what are you doing?
Travis:  I‘ve got a crowbar, I‘ve got a rope, and I‘m gonna tie a rope to that crowbar.
Griffin:  You're making like, your own sort of makeshift grappling hook?
Travis:  Yeah. And I'm just gonna like, leave it at that.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  Hell yeah!
Griffin:  Alright, I'm into it.
Clint:  Yeah! Mad Magnus!
Griffin:  Uh, next is the wheel‘s turn. Um... but before the wheel even goes, another vehicle pulls out of the dust storm immediately behind you.
Clint:  Shh... dookie!
Griffin:  And this one almost looks—it looks similar to yours. Not nearly as heavily armored or lovingly tuned, but it is driven by two riders, and they are wearing... what are they wearing? Dolphin masks. And you hear them... [makes a dolphin noise]
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  Wait. They're not actual dolphins though, right?
Griffin:  No, but that‘s just their war cry. And they pull up behind—
Clint:  Just like you're not an actual bear.
Griffin:  Uh, and you—
Travis:  What?
Griffin:  Oh god. Uh, you see two large ship cannons sort of pop out to either side of them. Uh, and they uh—they get pretty close behind you. But first, the wheel goes, and the rider in the back, the back gerbil, is going to attack the front gerbil. And he crits. [laughs] He crits. Uh, so you see the back gerbil reach down and take a, uh, a little hammer, and just sort of brain the driver in front of him.
Travis:  [making cute gerbil sounds]
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, and the wheel to your left starts to wobble and starts to lose its balance pretty dramatically, and it starts to turn towards you as it does wobble. Uh, and just as it looks like it‘s about to crush you, it falls entirely on its side, crushing and destroying the dolphin mobile that was chasing you.
Clint:  [bursts into laughter]
Justin:  Yaaay!
Griffin:  And you hear...  [two short horn sounds]
Griffin:  ... come from the pylons around you.
Travis:  So that‘s eight.
Griffin:  Let me do a count. That was two, five...
Clint:  Yes, eight down.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s eight.
Clint:  Only six left.
Griffin:  No, 16 total including you.
Clint:  Ohh, okay. So seven left.
Griffin:  Alright.
Clint:  Gerbilcide. How cool was that?
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Hey, everyone. It‘s your main man, Griffin McElroy. Also, your dungeon master. I am also that to you. And thank you for listening to episode 24 of The Adventure Zone. I hope you're enjoying our climactic, Mad Max meets Fast and the Furious 7 meets Wacky Racers Race,  ̳cause it was a fun thing to record. Hey, this week‘s episode of The Adventure Zone is actually sponsored in part by Nature Box. Have you heard of Nature Box? Have you heard of flavors like asiago and cheddar cheese in crisp form? Have you heard about sriracha cashews? Also a food item?  ̳Cause Nature Box has  ̳em, along with over 100 other delicious snacks to choose from that get delivered directly to your doorstep.   They release brand new choices every single month. They're full of flavor without any of the junk. Head to NatureBox.com/Adventure to unbox a world of taste and possibility. Still the best ad copy possibly ever written by anyone ever. I haven‘t seen Madmen, but I think the finale of that show was them writing that line for Nature Box.  Head to NatureBox.com/Adventure for your first box of handpicked snacks sent direct to your doorstep.  The Adventure Zone is also supported in part this week by Casper, an online retailer of premium, obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction of the price. Casper has a risk-free trial and return policy. You can try sleeping on a Casper for 100 days! That‘s almost half a year! With free delivery and painless returns.  Adventure Zone listeners can get a $50 credit toward any mattress purchase. You can go to Casper.com/Adventure and use promo code  ̳Adventure‘ at check out. Terms and conditions... you know they gon‘ apply. I don‘t care what you get up to on that bed, though, once you purchase it. That‘s between you and your bedmate, and... that‘s it. Just the two of you. Or the three of you. [laughs] It‘s gettin‘ crazy up in there.  Got a personal message here. If you want to get a message on the show, you can go to MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron. Tell us what words to read with my mouth, and I'll just do it, like this. This is an example of what you can get. This is a message for Pete, and it‘s from Rob, who says, ―Happy birthday from your big brother! It‘s cool that you're curing cancer and shit while I pillage mother earth for financial gain. Karma works on a per-family basis, right? Sure it does. Thanks for neutralizing my evil. McElroys, his birthday is September 14th.‖ Whoops! ―Ramshan has been his gamer tag for years, so if he was somehow woven into the battlewagons lore...‖ Well shit, dude. I'm just now readin‘ this.  Um, if you want, you can pretend in your head canon that Hurley the Ram? That‘s short for Ramshan. [whispers] But that‘s not real canon. But what you do in your brain is up to you and your bedmate. Happy birthday, Pete! Got another message for, and it‘s for Stacy, from James, who says, ―Happy birthday, Stacy! I am hoping to cross narrative realms and gift Varielle an item from the Fantasy Gachapon. The roll is an eight. Or maybe a blessing from Merle. And even after Varielle‘s greed/ill-planned sexual escapades inevitably led to a humiliating end, the gift will not be wasted, as his party is not above grave robbing.‖ Sounds like a pretty grim game you're running over there.   Um, also, I need to know the class that Varielle is if I'm gonna give you a reward for the Fantasy Gachapon,  ̳cause I may have different loot tables. I'm a big fuckin‘ nerd. But happy birthday, Stacy!  Hey, I want to say a big thanks to everybody who came out to see our first ever live show at LA PodFest. It was a real intimate showing. Also, all the folks who streamed the show. Uh, I know that there was some issues with the stream throughout a lot of the weekend, but from what I hear, most of you got in to see the show, which is great. If you had problems, I'm really sorry about that. You can still watch the show. The archive should be up soon, if it‘s not up already. And uh, if you have no interest in watching it and didn‘t get a streaming ticket or whatever, I think we‘re gonna release the episode,  ̳cause there‘s some restrictions on when we can release it in the normal feed. I think we‘re just gonna put it up as a donor bonus in, I don't know, a few weeks or so. We‘re still trying to figure out the release plans for that.  Uh, I think the show went pretty well. I think we learned a lot about how to do a live D&D play session. I think the next one we do, whenever that will be, is gonna be great, but we need a while to... we need a while to come down, y‘all. I wanna say thanks to everybody who‘s been sharing the show, who‘s been reviewing the show on iTunes, and who‘s been tweeting about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag. If you use the #TheZoneCast hash tag, you could end up as a character in the game! If you want to end up in the show, just tweet about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag. And don‘t just do it to get on the show – do it because you want to talk to your friends about this thing, and talk about the grand mystery that we‘re all unraveling together as a group of friends and loved ones. If I sound super tired right now, it‘s because it is one AM, and I am. But it‘s also because me and my wife Rachel just watched the movie that me and Justin and Travis and Dad are going to critique during Max Fun swap week. That‘s gonna be the week of October 4th. So the next Adventure Zone episode, the four of us are gonna be doing an episode of The Flop House, and The Flop House crew, I'm so profoundly excited, because they are doing an episode of The Adventure Zone.  I gave them the keys to the kingdom. I said, do whatever you want. I haven‘t heard the episode yet. I'm fuckin‘ psyched. They are some of the funniest dudes I've ever heard, and uh, I'm really excited to hear what they do on a tabletop. So that‘s gonna be our next episode of The Adventure Zone. It‘s gonna go up on October 8th. And then, we are going to get back into the battlewagon races, which I'm psyched about.  Also, I had a lot of people ask about the live show. It was not in the battlewagon race sort of arc. It was sort of a one-off episode. So uh, yeah.   Anyway, I've been chatting your ear off for long enough. Thank you all so much for listening. Seriously, doing the live show sort of drove home the fact of just how wonderful the listeners of this particular program are, and how happy it makes us to make it, so uh, thank you all very much, genuinely, from the bottom of my heart. Like I said, next episode‘s gonna be up, uh, October 8th, featuring The Flop House. It‘s gonna be so, so, so great. Please be excited for that. Uh, and you can hear us on The Flop House. We‘ll be talking to a here to for unannounced movie that was the worst fucking 90 minutes of my life. See you soon!
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Okay, so you've heard eight horns. You've mathed it out, and know that you have seven opponents left. You haven‘t seen The Raven‘s car in a while. Her longboat wagon. And you are still in this dust storm that‘s sort of whipping up around you.  And as you are all sort of waiting at the ready, waiting for the next vehicle to show itself, an odd sort of silence falls around you. And then, that silence is broken by a loud  ̳thud.‘ And Merle, you look to your right, and you realize that this large claw, almost like one of those, uh, arcade machines, like a claw machine, has grabbed onto the passenger side door of the wagon.  And Hurley instinctively, like, steers away from where this claw has hit your car, but the claw retracts, and it rips the door completely off of the car. But you don‘t see—you don‘t—it disappears into the dust, but you don‘t really see anything around you. And it‘s still like—it‘s still just sort of oddly silent, and you're just sort of waiting for the next attack.
Clint:  Shit. I had a whole Cheerwine in the cup holder of that door.
Justin:  [bursts into laughter] He just opened it!
Clint:  I just opened the Cheerwine, and now it‘s gone. Great.
Justin:  I don‘t even want to finish this stupid race.
Travis:  [laughs] Pull over.
Justin:  I was gonna get a pull off of that later.
Clint:  Ugh. Alright.
Justin:  Um, okay.
Travis:  Griffin, I would like to, as a free action, use my Lens of Straight Creepin‘ to see where the door went.
Griffin:  Uh, that‘s not how it works. It leaves tracks on the ground.
Travis:  Aw, damn it!
Griffin:  I mean, you could perception check.
Travis:  Okay. Can I perception check?
Griffin:  Yeah, sure.
Travis:  Zero. So, 12.
Griffin:  Uh, no. You don‘t really see anything.
Clint:  Why don‘t we do perception checks, Justin?
Justin:  What?
Clint:  Would you like to do a perception check?
Justin:  Sure, yeah.
Clint:  Do a perception check.
Justin:  Uh, 18 plus, uhh... which one‘s perception again? Wisdom?
Griffin:  It‘s the one that says perception.
Justin:  Uh, 19.
Griffin:  No, you should have a perception sort of like, modifier.
Justin:  No yeah, plus one.
Griffin:  Oh, okay.
Justin:  18 plus one.
Griffin:  Merle, how‘d you do?
Justin:  I found it.
Clint:  Oh, let‘s not worry about it.
Griffin:  [laughs] Okay. Uh, Taako... you do kind of see something to your right. And it‘s—it‘s so faint that you think that maybe you imagined it, but you see like... the dust storm to your right just kind of looks... weird. Like, it looks like, um... it looks like something is over there, sort of getting in the way of the dust as it‘s swirling around. But you like, can't see it. But you do get the idea that something‘s there.  All of a sudden, that claw that ripped the door off shoots toward your car again, directly at the spot where it aimed last time. Only this time, it grabs onto Merle. And Merle, you are pulled out of the car, into the dust, to the right of the car. To the right of the wagon.  Merle, you see yourself—you see the car getting smaller as you fly away from it. And then you are sort of ripped upward into the air, and then you're pulled downward, into... some sort of body of water. You feel yourself going underwater. And you manage to catch a short breath as you're pulled under, and then you hear a  ̳ka-chunk.‘ And it‘s pretty dark, you can't really see anything, but you're definitely in a body of water. And Hurley goes...
Hurley:  Shiiit!!
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  And so, yeah.   [pause]
Travis:  Well... goodbye, Merle! Anyways... where were we?
Clint:  It was a great game!
Travis:  I lean down in the car.
Magnus:  Should I like, go after him?
Taako:  Yeah, I mean, it‘s worth a shot. I'm not doing anything. I've already used two spells. I'm beat.
Magnus:  And he‘s still got the wrench, right?
Griffin:  Hurley says—Hurley yells...
Hurley:  Do something!
Magnus:  Okay, cool!
Hurley:  Shoot at it or something!
Magnus:  Okay, cool! I'll be right back!
Travis:  And I like, hook the crowbar into the handle on the car, and I jump over to the other car.
Griffin:  Uh, okay. Uh, you jump... you can't see the other car.
Travis:  Yeah. I'm just jumpin‘ over.
Griffin:  You're just blindly jumping to the right of the car?
Justin:  Well that doesn‘t sound like Magnus! [laughs]
Griffin:  Uhh... okay. I'm gonna—okay. I'm going to make you do an athletics check, and I'm gonna give you disadvantage on it if you don‘t see where you're jumping to.
Travis:  That‘s fair.
Clint:  Sounds fair.
Griffin:  It sounds super fair.
Travis:  I've got plus seven—
Clint:  I'm sorry. Wait wait, I'm sorry.
Travis:  I've got plus seven to—
Clint:  [speaks bubbly gibberish as if underwater]
Travis:  Okay. I got plus seven to athletics, so let‘s do this.
Griffin:  Alright, do it.
Travis:  That‘s an 18.
Griffin:  Not—
Travis:  And this is—
Griffin:  Roll it good, and I swear—
Travis:  —a 23.
Griffin:  Oh my god. Your rolls are too high.
Travis:  I have plus seven!
Griffin:  I know. I need to bring that down.
Travis:  It‘s really hard to fuck up! [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, okay. Yeah, you jump to the right, and uh...
Justin:  Give it—give him a... shit, never mind.
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  I'll get the pull here in a second.
Griffin:  Uh, as you collide with this vehicle, uh... I'm gonna make you make a reflex check to actually grab onto it, because... I'll give you that you jumped into it, but grabbing onto it is going to be a horse of a different color. Uh, but as your body sort of collides with this vehicle, you feel yourself hit heavy metal. And as soon as you touch it, uh, Taako, you, over—
Justin:  Give him fibromyalgia!
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, Taako—
Justin:  There it is.
Griffin:  You, from the battlewagon, you can actually see this sort of camouflage drop off of the car. And what you see almost looks like... a gumball machine, almost. There‘s this ten foot, glass, spherical tank with a heavy metal hatch on top. And it‘s built onto this sturdy, six-wheeled base.  And in front of the base is another thick, glass chamber with these two dark elves, uh, wearing octopus masks, uh, driving the vehicle. And you see two claws, like the one that came out and grabbed Merle, sort of attached to the bottom of the tank. And inside of the tank, you see a helpless Merle floating along, uh, alongside a really big, bigger than Merle, blue, spotted octopus.
Travis:  Cool.
Griffin:  Let‘s roll for initiative. Oh, you guys use your same shit. The wheel guys were the last ones to go, so Taako, it is your turn first.
Justin:  Um... okay, can you—I'm obviously not... what can I see?
Griffin:  You can see the whole thing now. The camouflage has sort of dropped. You see Merle floating around—oh yeah. Magnus, make a uh... make a dexterity saving throw.
Travis:  Uh, that‘s 11?
Griffin:  11? You don‘t manage to get all the way up onto the car, but you do manage to get a hand on it. Your feet are sort of dragging across the ground, which is uncomfortable, because this car is going very, very fast. But it‘s a—it‘s big enough and sort of easy enough to get a hand on, that you are sort of hanging off the side of the gumball octopus.
Travis:  And I've still got like, my rope and crowbar tied to the car.
Griffin:  Yeah yeah, sure.
Travis:  Which, in retrospect...
Griffin:  Not a great idea.
Travis:  Not a great idea.
Griffin:  So, Taako, you can see everything. Built into the front of the six-wheeled, heavy metal base is a big, glass chamber with the octopus drivers. Inside of the tank, you see Merle about to get hugged by a big, gnarly-looking octopus.
Clint:  May I ask a question?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Clint:  Are the two octopus mask guys... is their chamber in water, too?
Griffin:  No.
Clint:  Okay. And how many gallons do you think—of water is in the ball?
Griffin:  I mean, it‘s like a ten foot spherical tank. So like, a shit ton. It‘s like a swimming pool.
Travis:  Like a thousand?
Griffin:  I don‘t know. I would embarrass myself if I guessed.
Travis:  1,100.
Griffin:  Okay, 1,100. Sure.
Justin:  It‘s a very tense situation.
Griffin:  [laughs] That‘s true. It‘s almost like I've designed it to be like that.
Justin:  Yeah. Um...
Travis:  Magnus yells...
Magnus:  Magic Missile the tank!!
Justin:  Yeah, but like, then... I mean, think about that. Like, really think, for once.
Griffin:  [laughing]
Justin:  Just like, really think about it. I Magic Missile the tank—
Magnus:  Action over thought!!
Justin:  Yeah, okay, that‘s fine. But really think about this one, Scraps. If I Magic Missile the tank, where does that get us? How does that help us to proceed forward with our life goals?
Merle:  [blubbery] I'm drowning!!
Magnus:  [crosstalk] going badly!
Justin:  Eh, okay... yeah.
Griffin:  This is another good time to remind you all that uh, every round of combat lasts about six seconds. So Merle, you're not in immediate danger of drowning, but you definitely didn‘t get a full lung-full of air.
Travis:  But he‘s got those dwarf lungs, y'know? Like, the—constitution.
Griffin:  Good for drink—if he was drowning in beer, he might be alright.
Clint:  What is the liquid?
Griffin:  It‘s salt water.
Clint:  Aw, poop.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  Do I see a, um... do I see like, a pilot of this? Is it just like, a big squid driving a ball?
Griffin:  No no no, there‘s two—
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  There‘s another—there are two chambers. There‘s two balls. One is sort of built into the front of the car, and that is where these two octopus—these dark elves wearing octopus masks are driving. It‘s not being piloted by a blue spotted octopus.
Clint:  How many times does he get to use the harpoon gun?
Griffin:  Uh, I mean, it‘s only got the one harpoon in it.
Justin:  It‘s only got the one harpoon in it. Yeah, I'm gonna—I will...
Clint:  [making bubbly sounds]
Justin:  [laughs] And they're in the water, right? Yeah. I... okay. Um, I'm gonna cast Reduce on the octopus.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  Aw...
Justin:  I don‘t have a good... I mean, it‘s—does it look dangerous, Griffin? Does it look like something that‘s gonna hurt them?
Griffin:  Um, I Googled the most dangerous octopus last night, and you know what came up?
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  What?
Griffin:  The blue spotted octopus.
Justin:  Oh, perfect. Okay, yeah. I'm gonna cast Reduce on the, um, the... it‘s—the target‘s size is halved in all dimensions.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  And its weight is reduced to one eighth of normal.
Griffin:  Wow.
Justin:  This increases its size by one category, from medium to small, for example. It also has disadvantage on strength checks and strength saving throws. Its weapons shrink to match its new size, and they deal 1d4 less damage.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  If the octopus does have weapons on it, and you didn‘t tell me that, and I could‘ve been imaging that this whole time, I'm gonna be very upset.
Griffin:  Oh fuck, that would‘ve been so cool!
Justin:  How sweet. Like a mace in its hand or some shit? That'd be awesome.
Griffin:  Well, eight maces!
Justin:  Yeah, eight maces, just like... [makes an octopus sound???] Okay.
Griffin:  Anyway.
Justin:  Yeah, it‘s... anyway. Yeah.
Griffin:  Do I get to resist it?
Justin:  Um... yeah. A constitution saving throw.
Griffin:  Uh, 11? Not gonna do it.
Justin:  No. No, friend.
Griffin:  Okay. He is, uh... he is smaller.
Justin:  I am Taako.
Griffin:  He is smaller now. Um... okay. Uh...
Taako:  Cala-mar him!
Travis:  Nice.
Justin:  Cala—let me try again.
Clint:  That was good. Yeah.
Griffin:  Yeah, do it again. You can do better than that.
Justin:  Um...
Clint:  Put the accent on the second—no, the third syllable.
Taako:  Cala-mar him!
Griffin:  Uh-huh.
Clint:  Yeah. That‘s not bad.
Travis:  Mm, nice.
Clint:  Mm...
Griffin:  Um...
Travis:  How about, octo-piss off?
Justin:  Oh, that‘s good.
Taako:  Octo-piss off!
Clint:  Yeah!
Griffin:  Cool. Uh, so uh, the next in the order is the drivers of the car. The octopus drivers. Uh... they are just gonna fire another hook. Uh, toward the car. Uh, and it, uhh, just kind of grabs onto—like, it‘s a good hold, uh, on the... uhh, the hole that they made before, and it‘s sort of just grabbed onto the right side of the car, and is sort of like, trying to peel it back. And you definitely feel your wagon, uh, sort of start to jump and shake, because they are—they're trying to pull it sideways as Hurley is trying to drive it forward. Which is not great.  Next in the order is the tiny little baby blue spotted octopus!
Clint:  Aww!
Griffin:  Uh, which surveys its new, real little tentacles, and seems kind of dejected. Um...
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  So, it is going to propel itself forward toward you, Merle, and then spin around really quickly and latch onto your face.
Clint:  Oh.
Griffin:  Uh, and it rolls a 21 versus AC, which is gonna hit. But it does— how much less damage does it do?
Clint:  Um...
Griffin:  Uh, Taako did it.
Clint:  Right. I know.
Griffin:  I think he said 1d4 less? Did Justin leave?
Clint:  Uh, in a way.
Griffin:  Cool.
Clint:  I hear a very loud watery sound in the room next to ours.
Travis:  Jesus!
Griffin:  Is he watering his plants?
Clint:  No. He might be peeing? But I don't know.
Justin:  1d4 less damage from the weapons. It has disadvantage on strength checks and strength saving throws.
Griffin:  Okay. But it doesn‘t have weapons.
Travis:  Well, its tentacles are its weapons.
Griffin:  No, it‘s actually biting. It‘s like, attaching itself to your face, and it‘s biting you with its beak.
Clint:  With its little tiny beak.
Griffin:  With its little tiny beak. Okay. So he hit you, and he is going to hit you for... uhh, 11 points of bite—
Clint:  With a little tiny beak?!
Griffin:  11 points of biting damage, and then, I'm gonna need you to make a constitution saving throw,  ̳cause his beak was covered in delicious, delicious octo poison. Uh, we‘ll count his beak as a weapon. So he‘ll take 1d4 less damage. Do you roll that d4, or do I?
Justin:  That‘s a good question. I don't know.
Griffin:  I'll roll it.
Justin:  I would think you would.
Travis:  Let‘s let the listeners at home roll it!
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  Pick up your phone and dial one...
Griffin:  I rolled a three, so he takes eight damage. Uh, and then, do roll that constitution saving throw, though.
Clint:  19?
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s gonna do it. And dwarves—
Travis:  Nice!
Griffin:  I think dwarves are really dope at resisting poison anyway?
Clint:  Yeah. Yes we are.
Griffin:  If this is—okay. Well, it doesn‘t matter,  ̳cause you avoided it. Uh...
Travis:  If memory serves... [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, okay. Merle, you are up. You are—you're starting to feel pretty uncomfortable. Got an octopus on your face. You are underwater. You just got bit on the nose. Uhh, everything kind of sucks.
Clint:  Okay. Is there any room up at the top of this globe? Is there air in this globe of water?
Griffin:  Uh, no.
Travis:  How did he get in it?
Griffin:  There was a hatch on top that he got pulled into, and then, it sort of screwed itself back on.
Clint:  So the water goes all the way to the top?
Griffin:  Uh, yes.
Clint:  Okay.
Griffin:  Not that you can see that right now,  ̳cause you got an octopus all up on your biz.
Clint:  Well, that‘s a good point.
Travis:  Bite him back!
Griffin:  [laughs]
Clint:  I'm going to take my warhammer and hit myself in the face.
Travis:  [laughs]
Clint:  Thereby, striking the octopus, and trusting that my thick, dwarven head will keep me from killing myself.
Griffin:  Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, okay. Uh, are you using your warhammer or your spanner? The Adamant Spanner?
Clint:  Well, I don't know what the spanner will do. I know what my warhammer does.
Griffin:  Okay. It‘s up to you.
Clint:  I don‘t want to hurt the spanner.
Griffin:  That‘s a good—that‘s fair. Okay, so uh, first of all, you're underwater. So you're gonna have disadvantage on melee attack.
Clint:  I understand.
Griffin:  But then you're gonna do a disadvantage melee attack, just one roll, and then you're gonna compare it to your AC and the octopus‘ AC.
Clint:  Okay.
Justin:  I lost track. Where is Magnus?
Griffin:  Magnus is—
Travis:  Hanging onto the side of the car.
Griffin:  —hanging onto the side of the car.
Clint:  Hanging on the side. [laughs]
Justin:  Okay, great.
Travis:  Waiting for his turn.
Clint:  Thank god he has pants on this time.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Clint:  Okay. 16.
Griffin:  Uh, and then roll it again,  ̳cause you have disadvantage.
Clint:  15.
Griffin:  That includes the modifier?
Clint:  Plus four.
Travis:  So that‘s 19.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s a hit. Uh, it‘s a hit on you and the octopus.
Travis:  Well... now, he, technically, Griffin, should roll a second time, as if he was attacking two different targets.
Justin:  Or get to roll—[laughs] A constitution saving throw on himself.
Griffin:  No,  ̳cause he‘s sort of just attacking one target. I'm not gonna allow that. He‘s definitely, definitely attacking a single target. Which is his face and octopus.
Clint:  Alright. That‘s fine. I knew the job was dangerous when I took it, Fred.
Griffin:  Uh, so go ahead and roll damage, and they'll both take it.
Clint:  Three plus two.
Griffin:  Five. Okay.
Clint:  Actually, wait wait wait. It‘s 2d8 plus two. So it‘s six plus two, so that‘s eight. On me.
Griffin:  Okay. On you and the octopus. Uh, you clobber yourself in the face. [laughs]
Justin:  Yeah, you hit both... he‘s—
Clint:  Yeah, but I hit him first.
Justin:  Well yeah, it should be padded. [laughs]
Clint:  Yeah! The padding of the octopus!
Griffin:  Okay, yeah yeah. I'll tell you what, I'll cut it down—I'll roll a d4 and reduce it by... two. So you only take six. You got a little bit of octo-padding there. Uh, it‘s not enough to kill this octopus, but it does loosen itself off of your face and sort of float backwards a little bit.
Clint:  Ah, thank god. And now I can still not breathe.
Griffin:  You still cannot breathe,  ̳cause you are underwater. Next in the order is Magnus.
Travis:  Um, am I within reach of the grabby arm? Like, the part that‘s extended out?
Griffin:  Uh, yeah. You are right next to the grabby arm that is on the side of the—the left side of the car, facing your wagon.
Travis:  Okay, great. I would like to, uh, one-handed axe attack that, please.
Griffin:  As you're hanging off?
Travis:  You said I grabbed it with one hand.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s true. I'm just... okay.
Travis:  Uh, 15, 22.
Griffin:  22, yeah. That‘ll do it.
Travis:  M‘kay. And now I would like to—
Griffin:  And you just start hacking at the—hackin‘ at the wire that it‘s attached to?
Travis:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  Do I have to roll damage, or do I just do it?
Griffin:  Uh, yeah. Roll damage against—nah, don‘t do it. Yeah, you hack the thing clean off.
Travis:  Okay. And now I'd like to use my second attack to attack the tank.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  That‘s 13 plus seven. 20!
Griffin:  20. Okay, yeah. You attack the tank. This one I will make you roll damage on.
Travis:  Great. And that‘s one-handed, so it‘s 1d8...
Griffin:  I'm also gonna make you make a strength check to keep holding onto the side of this car if you're not gonna pull yourself up.
Travis:  That‘s fair. I got strength of bear, baby.
Griffin:  Okay.
Justin:  Bull. Strength of bull.
Travis:  Whatever. I got strength of a big ol‘ thing. Y'know what I mean?
Clint:  No, don‘t say that either.
Travis:  [laughs] Uh, that‘s a five plus six, 11 damage.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, you don‘t shatter the tank, but you get Railsplitter in there. Uh, and as you pull it back, a spray of water just sort of blasts you in the face. And uh—
Travis:  It‘s refreshing! I feel great!
Griffin:  And the water begins to leak out of the tank. So now, there is sort of a space up top where there is no water. Uh, next in the—
Travis:  Great. I'm gonna use Action Surge and hit it one more time.
Griffin:  Oh, okay.
Travis:  Or try to. Uh, ooh. That might not do it. Um... I mean, that‘s only a 13, so that‘s probably not gonna...
Griffin:  Uh, no, that hits. It‘s just glass.
Travis:  Oh, great.
Griffin:  Just barely.
Travis:  Then, does like, a two hit? Like, what‘s the—what‘s the AC on glass?
Griffin:  [laughs]
Travis:  Uh, I did another five, another 11 damage.
Griffin:  Okay. This time, the crack that you put into the glass ball begins to splinter out around, uh, every sort of side of the ball. And then, suddenly, this ball shatters. And uh, Merle and the octopus are gonna need to make dexterity saving throws to grab onto this car as the deluge of water sort of splashes them off of the side of it.
Travis:  And I still need to make a strength, right?
Griffin:  Yeah. So, we‘ll resolve that first. Go ahead, Magnus, make a strength saving throw.
Travis:  Uhh... [mumbles gibberish] Uh, well, that—well, I have advantage, right? From the bull? So that first one was a 13.
Griffin:  What? No, you don‘t have—oh, yeah yeah.
Travis:  Strength of Bull.
Griffin:  Yeah yeah yeah.
Clint:  Yeah. You're welcome.
Travis:  Uh, okay. There we go. That‘s 24. So, that probably got it.
Griffin:  Yeah. Oh man, I wanted you to fall off so bad. Okay, yeah, you're—
Travis:  You're a turd. That‘s why.
Griffin:  You're still holding onto the side of the car. Now, uh... Merle, make a dexterity saving throw as the water sort of washes you off the side of the car.
Justin:  Am I—you have let go of the rope at this point, right Travis? You do not have a third hand that I am not...
Travis:  No, it‘s tied to me.
Justin:  Oh, it‘s tied to you. Okay. I didn‘t realize.
Griffin:  He tied himself onto the battlewagon in case he fell off.
Justin:  Got it.
Clint:  Okay. I rolled a 16.
Griffin:  You rolled a 16? Okay, yeah. You get another hand on—you basically land right next to Magnus.
Magnus:  Hey!!
Griffin:  So the two of you are now hanging off of the side of the, uh, the gumball octopus wagon. Although, the tank on top is shattered. And then, the octopus also slips off the side of the car... and he crits his dexterity saving throw!
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  So right next to Merle, this octopus gets two tentacles on the top of the car, and is now also hanging off the side of the car. This is the most adorable scene I've ever imagined. [laughs] He looks—the octopus has a very worried look in its eyes.
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Hey, everyone. Before I let you go, I just wanted to say thanks one more time to Nature Box, where you can order hundreds of great tasting snacks. You can go to NatureBox.com/Adventure to sign up for a sampler box of great tasting snacks! Thanks for listening. The next episode, featuring the awesome, hilarious dudes from The Flop House, is gonna go up October 8th. And then, we‘ll be back two weeks after that. So, see you then!
