Griffin:  Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Hudson:  My name is Hudson. I'm the uh, engineer of this train.
Griffin:  Walking through the passenger car, you only see three other passengers.
Jenkins:  Hello, I‘m Jenkins.
Clint:  [laughs]
Jenkins:  I‘m the wizard attendant on the Rockport Limited.
Magnus:  I saw a dwarven woman in there, and I swear I recognized her, but I can‘t remember her name.
Jenkins:  Have you ever heard of, uh... Jess the Beheader?
Magnus:  Oh!
Merle:  Mmm.
Jenkins:  This is the Pleasure Chamber. It is not a sex thing. Maybe it can be. I can make it so that, when you enter this chamber, you can be in any room, anywhere in the world that you want to be.
Angus:  Hello, my name is Angus! I‘m a little boy! I‘m going to visit my grandpa in Neverwinter.
Graham:  I can tell you that my name is Graham. It‘s not as fun. I still sound like the boy that you were just talking to.
Magnus:  [laughing] Yes you do, Graham!
Justin:  I was about to say! [laughing]
Magnus:  You have a youthful energy about you.
Announcer:  This week, someone reaches their final destination... heaven! All aboard The Adventure Zone!
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Uh, the three of you have just been served a scrumptious brunch service by a uh, very reluctant Jenkins.
Justin:  Mmm, I'm still enjoying my pea pods.
Travis:  Was it a savory brunch, or like a sweet brunch? Are we looking at like—
Griffin:  I think Justin has just decided what it is, based on his earth-world foley work. What do you—is that some edamame?
Justin:  We‘re having some pea pods. And what‘s that? Oh yeah, I filled my pockets with croutons. [crunching]
Clint:  Oh man.
Travis:  Mmm, nice crunch croutons. Waffle croutons.
Griffin:  Just to check in on my earth brothers‘ health and wellbeing... Daddy, you're in the same room as the J-Man.
Clint:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Is he just eating croutons out of a bag right now?
Clint:  No. No.
Justin:  No, there‘s pea pods. It‘s a salad.
Clint:  No, he‘s got them on a plate. He‘s got a plate full of delicious croutons, and it looks like he‘s got one of those—those little uh, mutant, teeny tiny carrots, and a couple of uh, pea pods, so that the two pea pods and the two carrots will completely cancel out the six pounds of croutons that he ate.
Griffin:  [laughs] Okay, good.
Travis:  Excellent.
Clint:  But diet Dr. Pepper!
Griffin:  Hey, then that helps. We‘ll check back with the judges on cookie point allocation after the recording of this episode of the podcast that we do. But in the game world, you've just enjoyed a delicious brunch that Jenkins reluctantly served you, and uh... you've been on the train now for about an hour and a half. Um, Jenkins checks back in on you and asks, uh...
Jenkins:  Have you given any more thought to...
Griffin:  See, I can't do it as good this week. My throat‘s not as ragged.
Jenkins:  Have you given any more thought to a pleasure chamber you might want to visit? I can take you to one of my own personal favorites. I can take you to a beautiful day spa, where you'll be covered in the richest yogurt, and... well, you won't be massaged,  ̳cause nobody else will be there, but it‘s like a yogurt dip. You—
Magnus:  Jenkins?
Jenkins:  Yes?
Magnus:  Could I visit your mom‘s house?
Clint:  [laughs]
Jenkins:  If—if you—if—you could visit a room in my mother‘s—
Merle:  Again.
Jenkins:  You could visit—oh, I see.
Magnus:  [laughs]
Jenkins:  Is this an actual request, or just one of your patented burns?
Magnus:  Nah, Jenkins, nah. We cool.
Taako:  Jenkins, I have a request. Send me to your most popular pleasure room.
Jenkins:  Oh, I can do that for you.
Griffin:  Uh, he removes from his uh, pocket, I guess, a—from within his robe, we‘ll say, he withdraws a small rod.
Travis:  Hee hee hee hee.
Griffin:  A small, cylin—goddamn it!
Clint:  [laughing]
Travis:  Tell me about the small rod he pulls out of his robe.
Griffin:  It‘s cylindrical.
Justin:  [laughs] I bet.
Griffin:  And made of...
Travis:  Does he seem proud of it, or like he‘s embarrassed to pull it out? [laughing]
Griffin:  He whips it out, and uh...
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  It‘s basically just like a very plain looking, silvery rod. I don't know... I don't know what to call it.
Justin:  When he turns back to me, I've dropped my robes.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  [laughs]
Justin:  But I'm wearing underwear.
Jenkins:  Okay, um...
Taako:  I want to be ready for anything.
Jenkins:  Well, that will... that will not be necessary.
Magnus:  Spell me like one of your French girls.
Justin:  I put my robes back on, kind of a little bit sheepish about the whole thing.
Griffin:  Yeah, like, you're on a train. There‘s other people around. Um, he takes this rod—
Taako:  You're welcome.
Griffin:  He points it at the doorframe, and sort of traces the outline of the doorframe of this very, very shallow closet that‘s like, built into the wall of the dining car. Uh, and then, he opens up the door, and it opens up to a green house full of lush plants and rich clusters of berries, and uh, just sort of these explosions of beautiful flora that is—it‘s the most gorgeous collection of plants that any of you have ever seen. I don't know if this is any of your jams. Maybe Merle, with your proclivity towards the natural world.
Clint:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Are particularly moved by—I don‘t want to put uh, feelings in your heart, or words in your mouth.
Clint:  Mm.
Travis:  Magnus yawns demurely behind his hand.
Jenkins:  M‘kay. Is this not—I thought that it might be good.
Magnus:  No, no, sorry, it‘s just—it‘s been a long day. This is a great pleasure room.
Jenkins:  You asked me for my—
Taako:  Are they going too, or is this just a solo mish?
Jenkins:  Anybody can go in if you want.
Taako:  I‘m goin‘.
Jenkins:  I'm going to stay out here and continue channeling, because it‘s important that I do that, or the three of you will die.
Griffin:  Um, so the three of you wander into this beautiful, botanical garden. It‘s very relaxing. There‘s uh... it‘s a little disorienting at first, being on like a high-speed train, and then being in a stationary sort of room. Um, but uh, yeah, you aren‘t too bothered by that, because it‘s... it smells great in here. Uh, the—
Justin:  Uh, Griff, can you clarify something for me? Not to—
Griffin:  No, please, go ahead.
Justin:  Is the door to the pleasure room just sort of like, an ephemeral, like, floating portal, or is there like a little room he—
Griffin:  No, it‘s a door—it‘s a doorframe. And it‘s not so much the room that‘s transforming; it‘s more that the door is—has opened up a gateway to this world. It‘s not like the—
Justin:  Ohh.
Griffin:  It‘s not like the Holodeck, it‘s like a portal.
Travis:  This is like a Stargate situation.
Griffin:  Yeah, kind of.
Clint:  Or Narnia.
Griffin:  Yeah. There‘s a clearly defined—on your side of the door, in the um, botanical garden, you see the same doorframe from the train that is now behind you, and through it, you can see the dining car. You can see Jenkins holding his rod, and—don‘t.
Clint:  Yep.
Griffin:  Pointing it at the door, and saying, uh...
Jenkins:  Enjoy yourselves. Please don‘t take too long. And remember, don‘t leave anything behind, and you cannot take anything with you.
Magnus:  Except memories.
Jenkins:  Well, the memories, yes, will be obliterated. No, I'm kidding.
Magnus:  [laughs] Oh, Jenkins. You are a cad.
Jenkins:  Nothing could destroy memories.
Merle:  And let‘s leave the door open, shall we?
Jenkins:  Well, yes, it would have to be.
Justin:  Can I make an arcana check to see what I can tell about the magic of this portal?
Griffin:  Yeah, sure.
Justin:  [pause] Do I need dice for that, or...
Travis:  [laughs] Or just ask.
Griffin:  Historically, yeah.
Justin:  21.
Griffin:  21. Uh, this magic that he is using is... let me check. I don't know what it would actually be.
Travis:  It says here, ―Super cool.‖ It‘s super cool, according to the manual.
Griffin:  This is not illusion magic. He has not created a fake version of this botanical garden. This is conjuration magic, which is the school of magic that teleportation magic belongs to. So this is—this is honest to god teleportation, but a very limited form of it.
Justin:  Okay.
Griffin:  It‘s incredibly, incredibly difficult for uh, wizards to teleport proper, right? To actually go from one place to the other and just be there. This is a... sort of limited, easier to use version of teleportation, where uh, you cannot sort of permanently displace yourself from one point to the other, and that is why there are those limitations.
Taako:  If teleportation magic is hard for wizards to use, it must be impossible for Jenkinses.
Magnus:  Bing!
Jenkins:  Bing. You got me. [sighs]
Justin:  I just said that apropos of nothing. [laughing]
Griffin:  [laughs]
Justin:  Jenkins must think I'm insane. [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, and very, very rude.
Travis:  I walk around, I check it out, I see what there is to see.
Magnus:  Nice. It‘s very nice. Very pleasant.
Jenkins:  Thank you. I tend to it myself. This is a real garden in Rockport I tend to myself to help me exorcise my demons.
Travis:  Is there anywhere in particular Jenkins would like me to use the bathroom?
Justin:  [bursts into laughter]
Travis:  Is there a bathroom corner? Or is it just ladies‘ choice?
Jenkins:  Come back through, and there‘s a bathroom on the train we could—
Travis:  I pee in the corner.
Jenkins:  Great, great, great, great.
Justin:  [laughing and clapping]
Merle:  Sort of marking your territory.
Jenkins:  Not on—
Magnus:  Yeah, but not—no, this isn‘t in a weird way. This is just like, I'm communing with nature, and I feel very present in the moment.
Jenkins:  Joke‘s on you, though... when you step back through the portal, your piss will disappear!
Clint:  [laughs]
Magnus:  It always does, Jenkins. I've been cursed.
Jenkins:  Did a witch kiss you?
Magnus:  It did.
Jenkins:  Give you evaporating piss?
Magnus:  It was actually—it‘s not a bad curse, as it goes.
Jenkins:  No, I would say it‘s actually very good.
Magnus:  It‘s very pleasant.
Justin:  I follow through and—
Magnus:  But the fear is that, one day, all the piss will return at once.
Justin:  I follow through to the—
Jenkins:  Oh no, like that scene in The Shining with the elevator.
Justin:  Oh my god.
Jenkins:  What?
Justin:  How is this still happening. I just want to come into the room and continue the adventure, please. I have work to do.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, you enjoy the floral pleasure chamber for a little while, and then uh, return back to the dining car. Um, Jenkins retreats towards the front of the car to continue his stewardly business. Uh, and the only people in the car now are the three of you and Angus McDonald, the fancy lad from before, who uh, closes his book, sets it down on the table, and says, uh...
Angus:  Hello, sirs! How was your trip?
Magnus:  [quietly] Don‘t trust him.
Angus:  M‘kay.
Taako:  [in Justin‘s normal voice] Pretty good, Angus. We had a good time. We sure missed you, though.
Angus:  I missed you too! Hey, I forgot to ask. What are y‘all going to Neverwinter for?
Magnus:  Business.
Merle:  Uh, to visit relatives.
Angus:  Oh, you also have rela—I wonder if my grandpa knows your relatives! What relatives live there?
Merle:  Uh, the distant ones.
Angus:  Well, in terms of like, your familial relationship? Or are we talking about geographical?
Magnus:  Emotional.
Justin:  [laughing]
Angus:  I know how that goes.
Merle:  Here‘s the thing. Here‘s the thing. We call him our uncle, but it‘s really just a good friend of my dad‘s. So, y'know, it‘s not really that kind of connection.
Angus:  What‘s his name?
Merle:  His uh, his name is uh, Willard.
Angus:  And what are your guys‘ names?
Merle:  I'm Leeman.
Magnus:  Still Diddley.
Angus:  No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. What are your guys‘ real names?
Magnus:  Huh?
Merle:  Huh?
Magnus:  S‘cuse?
Taako:  What do you mean, pumpkin?
Magnus:  Pardonnez-moi?
Angus:  What is—what are the names that aren‘t fake that you guys actually have?
Magnus:  [whispers] I don‘t trust him!
Merle:  [quietly] Hmm, I really don‘t trust him now.
Travis:  I lean over to Taako.
Magnus:  [whispers] Should I kill him?
Justin:  I cast detect magic.
Griffin:  Uh, okay. You uh, you cast detect magic. What does that do again?
Justin:  [makes a strange sound effect that sounds like vibration]
Travis:  [laughs] It sounds like a lightsaber.
Justin:  It sounds like a lightsaber.
Clint:  [whistles]
Justin:  It... makes my book levitate out of the closet and open to the proper page to tell me what detect magic does. Y'know.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  We‘re really good at D&D.
Griffin:  Detect magic. ―For the duration, you sense the presence of magic within 30 feet of you. If you sense magic in this way, you can use your action to see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any.‖
Clint:  Nice!
Justin:  Cool.
Clint:  So has he got a aura?
Griffin:  Uh, so you‘re casting this—I guess, in the 30 feet around you that would uh, pick up uh, uh, basically everything in this dining car.
Justin:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Uh... his book, which is a uh, a sort of a plain blue book, without any sort of cover art... it‘s not— it‘s not The Secret, and if it were—I mean, it is secretive. You cannot tell what the book is, but you do detect traces of magic on it, for divination. Uh, divination is the school of magic about learning secrets long forgotten, predicting the future, finding hidden things, and foiling deceptive spells. Uh, so you can pick that up.
Travis:  Griffin, can I roll to see if I can snatch the book out of his hands, and hold it above his head, tauntingly?
Griffin:  Absolutely you can.
Travis:  Okay. What would I roll?
Griffin:  This is Dungeons and—a bullying check. Or cyber bullying,  ̳cause we‘re doing this on the internet.
Clint:  So you're casting nanna-nanna-boo-boo, right?
Travis:  Yeah. I rolled a 14, and I have a plus 18 to bullying, so 32.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, no, it would be, uh... probably a sleight of hand check, if you're just gonna very quickly try and grab this out of his hands, and he—
Travis:  I rolled a 16.
Griffin:  Okay, and he will contest that with... gosh, I don't know.
Justin:  Dexterity, probably?
Griffin:  Yeah, probably dexterity. He‘s got... plus four to dexterity... and I rolled a 16. That‘s a 20.
Travis:  Damn it.
Griffin:  You try and snatch it out of his hands, and he quickly rips it back, and he says...
Angus:  Don‘t do—don‘t try that again! Just—I need to know what your guys‘ names are right now!
Travis:  I try it again.
Griffin:  Okay. [laughs]
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  That time it was an... 18.
Griffin:  Okay, that time I rolled a six, which is a ten. Okay, you snatch it out of his hands and hold it above his head.
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uhh... he says...
Angus:  Okay. That‘s not cool, man.
Travis:  [laughing]
Angus:  I get it, I'm not as tall as you are.
Clint:  Laugh condescendingly, Trav.
Travis:  Okay. Uh, I roll to laugh condescendingly.
Griffin:  Well, you can just do that. That‘s a free action.
Travis:  Success!
Magnus:  [laughs condescendingly]
Griffin:  Okay. Well done.
Merle:  We‘re just teasin‘ ya, little fella. Just havin‘ some good sportin‘ with ya.
Angus:  Uh, it‘s a great prank, and a really good goof. I need to know what your—
Travis:  I toss the book to Taako.
Angus:  Okay, so we‘re doing this now, huh?
Merle:  It‘s called monkey in the middle!
Angus:  I know what it‘s called.
Magnus:  No, I can't read magic.
Justin:  Uh, okay, I look at it and do an arcana check on the book.
Clint:  You already did.
Justin:  No, I did an arcana check on the room. I'm doing an arcana check on the book.
Clint:  Well, he threw it in where he said the book is from, uh—it‘s used to detect truth and—
Justin:  Arcana though is—what is it? I had my headphones off, ironically, looking for the book to tell me what detect magic does.
Griffin:  That is—that is fucking delicious.
Clint:  [laughs]
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, arcana measures your ability to recall lore about spells, magic items, eldritch symbols, magical traditions, the planes of existence, and the inhabitants of those planes. Uh, you uh... using your arcana, which you're going to roll now before I actually tell you what happens...
Justin:  That‘s a 22.
Travis:  Nice.
Griffin:  Thank you. Okay, so yeah, this is a, uh—this book has some divination magic built into it. Uh, and you actually recognize it as an interceptor book. And what it can do is, uh, intercept messages that are transmitted through magical means, and then, display them in a plain text version of any language of the reader‘s choosing on the page. On a page of the book.
Justin:  Does it like, stick around?
Griffin:  And actually, funny you ask. As you pick it up, the book, and open it up to figure it out, the book sort of magically responds, and you can read the last message that was intercepted by the book, and it reads, um... ―Leeman Kessler and co. not who they say they are, stop. Charm magic spell performed at the station, stop. Hand over to authorities immediately upon arrival in Neverwinter, stop.‖
Justin:  Does the interceptor, as its name would imply, keep the message from getting where it was going?
Griffin:  Yes.
Justin:  Or is it just sort of like—oh, okay.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  Interesting. Okay.
Griffin:  Uh...
Magnus:  Angus, where did you get this book?
Angus:  That‘s not important. What is important is that the three of you tell me exactly what you're doing on this train, and what your real names are!
Taako:  How about, we have the book, so why don‘t you tell us some stuff, and then we‘ll give you your book back?
Magnus:  Quid pro quo, Mr. Angus! Quid pro quo!
Taako:  What he said.
Angus:  How about I'm a little boy who knows that you're lying, and I can yell and yell and yell and get you in lots of trouble.
Merle:  How about, except for me, we‘re much bigger than you, and we can thump your gourd?
Magnus:  Okay, wait, wait, hold on.
Taako:  The only good thing about him knowing you're lying is, you don‘t have to do the voice in front of Angus.
Clint:  [laughs]
Taako:  Um... y'know what? Here.
Justin:  I toss him the book.
Angus:  Thanks.
Travis:  Yeah, I'm on board with that.
Taako:  You seem okay. So what‘s the skinny, kid? My name‘s Taako. You probably recognize me from TV!
Angus:  TV hasn't been invented yet, sir!
Taako:  This is a place out of time. TV might‘ve been invented.
Angus:  I can explain everything if you come with me in my sleeper car. There might be prying eyes and listening ears.
Taako:  Sounds good.
Magnus:  Yeah, nothing weird about three grown men accompanying Angus to a sleeper car. Let‘s go!
Taako:  Make sure we pass all the paparazzo on the way.
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Uh, the three of you retreat with Angus to his sleeper car. It actually, uh, is a lot nicer than yours, which seems weird.
Travis:  Cool.
Griffin:  Uh, but he sits down on the bed and opens up his book and uh, he says, uh...
Clint:  God, he‘s not a brony, is he?
Angus:  I‘m a mad brony, yo.
Travis:  [laughs]
Justin:  We love bronies.
Griffin:  Uh, he says uh...
Angus:  My name is Angus McDonald. That part you already know. Uh, I am– and I‘m not being braggy,  ̳cause my grandpa says not to do that – but I am the world‘s greatest detective.
Griffin:  He says.
Travis:  I roll my eyes.
Angus: Okay.
Justin:  [laughs]
Angus:  I mean, I—I did detective good enough to see through your horseshit, so... I can‘t be too bad.
Merle:  Are you saying you‘re a boy detective?
Angus: I—if you want to be reductive.
Travis:  [laughs]
Angus:  I have a motto and that‘s, ―Age ain‘t no thing.‖ Anyway, I‘m the world‘s greatest detective, and I‘m on the trail of a serial killer named the Rockport Slayer. I was hired on by the Rockport City Council, and they—
Griffin:  I didn‘t think those words through, I just sort of said them.
Clint:  [laughs]
Angus:  I was hired by the Rockport City Council to track down the Rockport Slayer. He‘s a serial killer who‘s been giving them no shortage of trouble.
Magnus:  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Angus:  He‘s been in business in Rockport for a few months now. What he does is, he targets wealthy individuals, and he murders  ̳em, and he takes their riches. But he never leaves a trace behind him, and so, I'm trying to track him down. I explained that, right?
Merle:  That makes perfect sense.
Magnus:  I think that we are working towards a similar goal. The three of us, we work for an organization... let‘s leave it at that.
Angus:  What‘s it called?
Magnus:  I can't tell you. I literally—
Angus:  Good detective work requires that you obtain as much information about the case as you possibly can!
Taako:  I'll tell him what it‘s called. It‘s called the—[static] Oh. [static]
Magnus:  You got something in your throat?
Merle:  You get that okay?
Angus:  Is there some sort of magical charm preventing you from telling me what it actually is?
Merle:  Well, the thing that‘s preventing it is the—[static] of [static] that we wear on our [static].
Angus:  Okay.
Griffin:  He looks over at your bracers.
Angus:  Oh, I see. Those are some sort of communication enchanted bracers, right?
Magnus:  Dang, Angus!
Taako:  You are good!
Merle:  Woo!
Magnus:  You are! You're real good!
Taako:  That was a—right between the eyes. Got  ̳em.
Griffin:  Uh, he says, uh...
Angus:  I have reason to believe that the serial killer, the Rockport Slayer, is somewhere aboard this train. Because last night, he murdered the real Leeman Kessler.
Taako:  Can I ask you a question, Angus?
Angus:  Yeah, please.
Taako:  I saw in the book, there was a message. Do you—does your book tell you who a message is sent from, or do you just sort of snatch it out of thin air?
Angus:  Uh, according to this, it was sent through a magical line, down the rails by a Tom Bodett.
Merle:  I knew killing him was a—
Magnus:  We should‘ve killed Tom Bodett!
Merle:  I told you! I knew it! I knew it.
Griffin:  Uh, to explain, when the charm person spell wears off, the person who is charmed knows that you cast a charm person spell on him.
Clint:  Oh, well...
Taako:  If memory serves, we didn‘t even need to cast it. We just did it for shits and giggles.
Magnus:  So good job us.
Angus:  Tell me this.
Griffin:  He says.
Angus:  I know that you all are restricted in what you can and can't tell me through magical means. But can you tell me this – was Leeman Kessler carrying something very valuable?
Magnus:  He was.
Angus:  Can you tell me anything about it?
Magnus:  No.
Taako:  Let me try. It, um... it was one of the [static].
Angus:  Nope, that‘s not doing it.
Merle:  Not gonna work.
Taako:  Not working?
Merle:  Look, kid, we‘re taking a lot of things on faith here. You're gonna have to take some things on faith, too.
Magnus:  Angus, here‘s what we can tell you.
Angus:  Okay.
Magnus:  This item, if it falls into the wrong hands, is remarkably dangerous, is incredibly bad.
Angus:  And this item, if my suspicions are to be believed, is locked up in the safe in the cargo car. Is that correct?
Magnus:  Well, that‘s not really that impress—that‘s where we lock stuff up, Angus. You didn‘t really like, deduce the shit out of that one.
Taako:  He wasn‘t showboating.
Angus:  Yeah, I'm just sort of workin‘ with ya now.
Travis:  [laughs]
Magnus:  Oh, yes. Then yes, you're correct. Uh, that is correct, Angus. It‘s—
Angus:  Oh no, it‘s too late for that conversation, but let‘s move on.
Magnus:  Okay.
Clint:  [laughs]
Magnus:  So the issue that we‘re dealing with, Angus, is it‘s back there. We don‘t know very much about the item, except that it‘s very dangerous. We have no—
Angus:  Have you talked—have you tried explaining to the engineer so he can open it up, so that you guys can secure it?
Magnus:  The problem is—
Taako:  Here‘s the problem – what we‘re talking about it so like, big deal, we... we... this is gonna sound phony. But we don‘t know who we can trust. Listen. Look at us. We‘re three grown men trusting a baby with these secrets.
Angus:  I'm not a baby!
Taako:  We‘re not professionals.
Angus:  I'm a—I'm an eight—how old—I'm ten—did I say how old I was last time?
Merle:  Ten.
Angus:  Ten it is!
Taako:  A master of observation indeed.
Merle:  It‘s this attention to detail that convinced us.
Travis:  [laughing]
Angus:  If the object of value that the three of you are trying to claim is somewhere on this train, then I have reason to believe that the Rockport Slayer is somewhere on the train, too. So, we need to—
Griffin:  Uh, as he‘s talking and explaining this to you, uh, you see a shadow through the frosted glass of the sleeper car breeze past the windows, and Angus gets very quiet, and he says...
Angus:  [whispering] I have reason to believe the Rockport Slayer is—
Taako:  I can't hear you!
Angus:  [quietly] Well, there‘s not—
Magnus:  What was that?
Angus:  [quietly] Prying eyes!
Merle:  What?
Angus:  Prying eyes!
Magnus:  Huh?
Angus:  [yells] Prying eyes! There‘s prying eyes and prying ears!
Magnus:  Hey, shh! There‘s prying ears everywhere, Angus!
Merle:  What are you yelling about, kid? Are you crazy?
Angus:  I am 100% sure that the three of you don‘t possess the competency required...
Magnus:  Solid.
Angus:  ... to perform multiple murders without getting caught by me already.
Taako:  He is a good detective.
Magnus:  That‘s pretty good.
Merle:  Is that your way of saying we‘re off the suspect list for being serial killers?
Angus:  For now. But I will need you to help me catch and apprehend – which also means catch – the real Rockport Slayer, who I know is somewhere aboard this—
Griffin:  Uh, from outside, down towards—
Clint:  Dun dun dunnn!
Griffin:  Towards the front of the train, you hear a high-pitched shriek. ―Aieee!‖ [pauses and laughs] How was that?
Travis:  Pretty good.
Justin:  That was good. It‘s like Westside Story in here.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, and Angus goes, uh...
Angus:  Oh no, we need to go check that out right now!
Magnus:  Wait, aboard this what? Aboard this what?!
Angus:  Train.
Magnus:  Okay, let‘s go!
Merle:  Oh, whew. Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, the three of you move from the sleeper car towards the front of the train, towards the passenger car. Before you even reach the door to the chamber between cars, uh, you see a large pool of blood on the outside of the closed door. And there is actually a little bit of blood on the door itself, also, but the door is closed.
Clint:  Ooh, that sounds ookie.
Angus:  I don‘t like the look of this one bit!
Magnus:  Alright, well, you go first.
Angus:  Okay, sounds fair!
Griffin:  He says.
Merle:  That is not like you at all, Magnus.
Griffin:  Uh, and opens up the uh, door to the space between the sleeper and passenger cars, and walks inside, and from where you're standing, you can see a scene of pretty tremendous gore. Are you walking into the space between the cars, or...
Clint:  Yeah.
Travis:  Yeah. Yeah.
Justin:  Sure, yeah.
Griffin:  I was gonna say, that‘s not very ―Magnus rushes in‖ of you.
Clint:  Yeah.
Travis:  Oh yeah. Magnus rushes in! It‘s been a while since I got to rush anywhere.
Merle:  Look, kid, you did the detective work. We‘ll do the heavy lifting, alright?
Griffin:  Uh, you are now in the space between the cars, which is a pretty tight fit. Imagine about the size of like, an elevator car, with entrances on both sides, one leading towards the front of the train, towards the passenger one, uh, the one you just stepped through.
Clint:  So it‘s enclosed, correct?
Griffin:  It is enclosed. There are no windows. It‘s just sort of a, y‘know, like a space between trains. I don‘t know how familiar with trains the three of you are. Lying on the floor, uh, you see a body. Uh, this body is wearing robes. It has been beheaded completely.
Justin:  [gasps] No!
Travis:  Oh no!
Griffin:  Uh, it‘s—both of its hands—
Clint:  Reach inside its robe and see if you can find its rod.
Griffin:  Both of its hands are missing, and—
Justin:  Does it have a tie? Does it have a bowtie? Tell me it doesn‘t have a bowtie!
Travis:  Griffin!
Griffin:  It has a shimmering, rainbow bowtie.
Clint: Nooo!
Travis:  Nooo!
Justin:  Nooo!
Clint:  Jenkins!
Travis:  We should have appreciated him while he was alive!
Justin:  [sobbing] Jenkins!
Griffin:  Uh, Jenkins has been beheaded, behanded—
Taako:  If only you'd used one of your spell slots to defend yourself!
Magnus:  Ohh, noo...
Griffin:  In the corner, you see Angus leaning over the uh, body of Graham, the—
Clint:  Graham too?!
Justin:  And he‘s just jerking it.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  He does not—he is not beheaded and behanded. He‘s not—he doesn‘t seem to have any wounds. He‘s just lying on the floor, and uh, Angus says, uh—
Travis:  Who is Graham?
Griffin:  Graham is the Juicy Wizard.
Travis:  Ah, thank you.
Griffin:  Uh, Graham is the Juicy Wizard, of course, that you all remember and love.
Justin:  [laughing] Remember that great Adventure Zone character, the Juicy Wizard, Graham?
Clint:  [laughing]
Griffin:  Yeah. Angus is uh, leaning over his body, and he says, uh...
Angus:  He‘s just fainted!
Griffin:  Uh, also in the car, you see uh, the drink cart that uh... what was it? Jenkins, the dearly departed, was—
Travis:  You forgot his name already, Griffin?
Griffin:  Well, he‘s dead. We don‘t have to worry about him anymore.
Clint:  You bastard.
Travis:  He‘s been dead for seconds!
Griffin:  Uh, and there is a considerable amount of blood on the floor here, too. Uh, and uh... god, I got a lot of names going. Angus says, uh...
Angus:  Look over the body as quick as you can before anybody else gets here!
Merle:  That‘s my job. Let me look at the—let me look at the body.
Magnus:  Wait—okay.
Merle:  Hmmm...
Griffin:  Uh, you can all make investigation checks, if you'd like.
Clint:  Well, I am the medical expert.
Travis:  Yes.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  I want to—
Justin:  That‘s true.
Travis:  I want to see if the rod is missing.
Justin:  That‘s a fair question.
Griffin:  Uh, okay, you're gonna do that?
Travis:  I rolled a 19.
Clint:  What are we rolling?
Justin:  And also, look for—investigation checks. And also, look to see if his wand‘s there, too.
Travis:  Nice.
Griffin:  Uh, his—you rolled a what now?
Travis:  19.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, Magnus, you very quickly investigate his belongings. There‘s no rod in his possession. There‘s no wand, no magical instrument. Really, nothing on this guy.
Justin:  A six for Taako. Did I find anything, Griffin?
Griffin:  You're just sort of investigating?
Justin:  Y'know, I'm looking, investigating the scene with my six.
Griffin:  M‘kay. With a six, uh, investigation, uhh, you don‘t see a lot. The only sort of peculiar thing you notice is that the uh, cut through the neck, the sort of uh, carving job that happened there is very clean. There‘s a very, very clean cut through the neck.
Clint:  Let me investigate the body a little more. I rolled a 20.
Griffin:  A 20? Okay. With a 20, you notice two things. First of all is that the cut through the hands, the cut through the wrists I should say, to remove the hands, uh, is not clean. It is not nearly as smooth, as professionally executed I guess you could say, as the neck itself. And the other thing that you notice is that Jenkins‘ clothes are, other than the blood that has gotten on them, they are relatively unscathed, untorn. There doesn‘t appear to be any sign of a struggle, just based on what he‘s wearing.  Um, uh, so the three of you have investigated the corpse, and—
Clint:  Is he bleeding from the neck and the wrist?
Griffin:  Oh, yeah yeah yeah. He‘s a sprinkler right now.
Clint:  Okay.
Griffin:  He‘s one of those wacky sprinklers. Angus looks at you, and he goes...
Angus:  We need to get Graham to a bed or something as quick as—
Griffin:  And he stops. And uh, looks up, and he says...
Angus:  Nobody move.
Travis:  I turn around.
Magnus:  What?
Griffin:  [laughs] He uh, with a flick of his wrist, uhh, Angus produces a hand crossbow from his sleeve and shoots it at ceiling. And as he does, you hear... uh, a growling sound, like... [makes a strange growl] Raaaah! Like that.
Travis:  Cool.
Griffin:  And suddenly, a figure starts to take shape on the ceiling. Uh, first, you see four very, very sharp, straight claws, almost like crab claws, attached to a large, uh, round torso that, on the bottom of it, has a circular mouth with three rows of glowing, orange teeth inside of it. And Angus points at the door behind you and says...
Angus:  I'm gonna get this guy out of here! You three, run!
Magnus:  No, wait, hold on. We got this. It‘s cool.
Griffin:  And uh, with that, Angus grabs Graham, and with a surprising amount of strength for a little boy, pulls him out of the chamber. And just as he does, this crab-like creature above you, his mouth, the teeth on his mouth begin to spin. His mouth begins to glow.
Taako:  I'm following Angus. I'll see you all in hell.
Clint:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Okay.
Taako:  Come on, stupids!
Magnus:  Alright, go! I'll get the rear! Go! We don‘t have any weapons!
Merle:  We have magic.
Magnus:  Well, some of us do.
Taako:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Which direction are—are you staying in the car? Are you running towards Angus, or are you running away, towards the back of the car?
Travis:  Is the thing still on the ceiling?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Travis:  I gave up my weapons. Did I give up my shield as well?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Travis:  Aw.
Merle:  You guys really want to run away? You don‘t want to fight?
Taako:  I have no—we have no—I—
Merle:  You have magic! You have offensive magic! I have offensive magic!
Taako:  I want to tell you a story about the time that there were three ogres, right? And then one of them hit me so hard, I almost died.
Magnus:  [laughs]
Taako:  You were sitting up in some sort of weird laser, just shooting flasks willy-nilly, and Travis was ripping the arms off of robots, and I got punched so hard, I almost died! I'm not gonna go toe to toe with a crab while you're armed with a terrible Scottish accent, and Travis doesn‘t even have his shield! I'm out! I mean—did I say Travis? I mean Leeman Kessler.
Magnus:  Nope!
Griffin:  [laughs]
Magnus:  Wrong all the way around!
Taako:  Good enough. [laughs]  [theme music plays]
Griffin:  Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master, your friend. Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 13, part... uhh, four, I think, of Murder on the Rockport Limited. Speaking of, sorry about the murder that just happened on the Rockport Limited. I did not realize that Jenkins was gonna be such a crossover hit when we killed him. But no use crying over spilled NPCs.  This week, The Adventure Zone is supported in part by Audible.com, the internet‘s leading provider of spoken audio information and entertainment with over 180,000 titles. Audible is offering Adventure Zone listeners a free audiobook and a free 30-day trial membership.  To get a free audiobook of your choice now, you can go to AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure, and go get yaself a book. This week, we‘re also sponsored by Nature Box. Nature Box is the world‘s leading provider for things that taste good in your mouth. Nature Box‘s snacks are all made with zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero grams trans fats – that‘s hard to say – and no high fructose corn syrup. It‘s so much better for you than all the garbage you normally eat, and it doesn‘t taste like garbage. It tastes like jalapeno white cheddar popcorn, which is great. Pistachio power clusters. Those are my jam. Big island pineapple. I love to chew on those on the beach. If this sounds like it‘s up your flavor alley, you can get a free trial box if you go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, and get some free snacks. Got a personal message here for Sophie ―Manfat‖ Cannon, of the Kent ―Manfat‖ Cannons, and it‘s from Matt. Matt says, ―To Sophie Happy approximately your birthday! Since moving to Hong Kong, life has been less smelly and entertaining.‖ I don't know if that means less entertaining... in conjunction with the smell factor, or... ―You're the most adequate acquaintance a boy could wish for. Can't wait to see you when I visit London in November. I will bring your other birthday gift – my magnificent presence. P.S. Come to Hong Kong. Kthxbye.‖  I'm pretty sure Hong Kong and London are basically neighbors. But uh, as this podcast has proved time and time again, I don‘t know shit all about geography.  Just a little bit of general housekeeping this week. Uh, just a reminder – if you tweet about our show with the #TheZoneCast hash tag, and spread the word, there's a chance you could end up as a character on the show. Much like Angus, and Graham, and Jess, and like, the billion people that I had to come up with that are all on this train. That could be you! Just use the hash tag, #TheZoneCast, on the Twitter.  If you want to submit an item that our heroes could possibly purchase at the Fantasy Costco between adventures, you can shoot a short name, description, and price for that item to AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com. Also, if you want to see some pretty bitchin‘ fan art, then you can go to TheAdventure.Zone, which is our central hub website where we post new episodes, cool art that we've found, and character sheets, which I realize I haven‘t updated in a long time. Uh, but, I'm busy. Get off my back, dad. Wait, well, my dad‘s on the podcast, so I know that you're not him, but... you know what I mean. If you like our show, and you haven‘t checked out the other shows on the Maximum Fun network, you should! Because they're all free, and they're all really, really great. Uh, we have other shows on the network. Justin, Travis and I do an advice show called My Brother, My Brother, and Me. Justin does a medical history show with his wife, Sydnee, called Sawbones. Travis does an apocalypse show with his friend Andy, called Bunker Buddies. Uh, there‘s also non-McElroy products on the network like Jordan, Jesse, Go, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade, Pop Rocket, Lady to Lady, One Bad Mother... there‘s a lot of jams on there, and you're gonna find something that scratches your itch, I guarantee it. That‘s all I've got for this week. Thank you all so, so much for listening and sharing the show, and reviewing on iTunes. We feel your love on a daily basis. I wake up in the morning, and it‘s like the first thing I feel. It hits me like a wave, like, ―Whoaaa! Somebody out there likes listening to my family roleplay!‖   Anyway, that was stupid. Thanks for listening, and enjoy the rest of the episode.
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Okay, so what have the three of you decided to do?
Travis:  Lay out for me again... We‘re in a train car, right?
Griffin:  You are in the space between the passenger and sleeper cars.
Travis:  We‘re looking into the passenger car.
Griffin:  You‘re—Angus has just pulled Graham into the passenger car, and he told you to run the other way.
Justin:  The weird crab is in front of the—
Griffin:  Is on the ceiling, with its uh, glowing mouth pointed downward.
Travis:  He‘s on the ceiling, in the space between.
Griffin:  Yeah.
Travis:  Okay.
Griffin:  I have stopped time here for all of you, with my immeasurable DM god magic, so that the three of you can make a decision.
Justin:  I‘m—I mean, I already made mine. I like, pushed Angus outta the way. Like, gimme, I‘m gone.
Travis:  Yeah, I‘m going toward the passenger car, I guess.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, you are in—
Travis:   ̳Cause it‘s better to stick together, I guess.
Griffin:  Sure.
Justin:  Whatever. Whatever helps you sleep at night.
Clint:  Alright, I'll go along.
Griffin:  Uh, the three of you follow Angus into the passenger car, uh, and he yells...
Angus:  Shut the door!
Travis:  Were you born in a barn?!
Griffin:  [laughs]
Travis:  I shut the door.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh, you slam the door behind you, and as you do, you hear a deafening roar come from that room, and the door seems to buckle and rattle. Uh, you feel a burst of—
Justin:  Can I try to do the foley?
Griffin:  Yeah, yeah, sure.
Justin:  [softly] Arrr.
Clint:  [makes a scuttling sound and rattles something loudly]
Travis:  I brace against it.
Griffin:  That‘s g—
Justin:  [disappointed] Dad did it. I wanted to do it, but Dad did it.
Clint:  I‘m sorry, I‘m so—I‘m helping.
Travis:  Dad‘s the worst!
Justin:  You weren‘t helping, I was gonna do a hilarious joke.
Griffin:  Okay, we‘ll take it from the top.
Clint:  Oh man.
Justin:  Okay, Griffin can I do the foley on the roar, on the deafening roar?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Justin:  [softly] Rarrr.
Griffin:  That was a pretty good joke. That was worth—that was worth doing two takes.
Justin:  [laughing] That was worth--that was worth going back, don‘t you think, Dad?
Clint:  [laughing] It was good, yeah. That was good!
Justin:  Let‘s take one more pass at that, that one felt a little limp to me.
Griffin:  Uh, a—
Justin:  [softly] Raaarrr!
Clint:  [rattling something again] That was the door.
Griffin:  Angus yells—
Justin:  That felt good, that felt good to me.
Griffin:  Angus yells—
Travis:  Can we do a silly one, with maybe some like, we crunch up somecellophane to make it sound like he‘s walking through the leaves?
Angus:  Wow, that door sounded so realistic!  [someone knocks on something to imitate a horse gallop]
Taako:  Oh, he found a horse!
Travis:  [laughs] Oh no!
Clint:  Now he‘s underwater! [blows bubbles into a cup]
Justin:  [laughs]
Travis:  Oh, he‘s throwing punches! [presumably punching his palm]
Justin:  [laughing]
Clint:  And now... [tapping sound] I don‘t know what that was.
Justin:  That was—
Griffin:  The train de-rails, and everyone on board dies.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  [laughs]
Justin:  [laughing] Leave that in the podcast.
Griffin:  Do some fucking foley on that!
Clint:  [laughing uncontrollably]
Griffin:  I wanna hear the foley of all of your death rattles.
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Three ghosts appear and strangle all three of you to death. What‘s that sound like?
Travis:  [shaking sound, as if shaking dice] That‘s my death rattle.
Griffin:  Yeah, that‘s a pretty good goof. The—you feel a sort of burst of hot air come from behind this incredibly lifelike, rattling fantasy door. Angus yells, uh...
Angus:  What are you doing!? I told you to run towards the back of the train! Sirs!
Magnus:  Well we wanted to, like, protect you.
Angus:  I don‘t need protecting! I need—you know what a great thing to do to protect me would be?
Griffin:  He says, uh, and the door behind you in the space where you found the corpse just blasts open, and that crab, uh, that fiery crab monster lurches through, and Angus yells...
Angus:  It would‘ve been great if you had brought it in any other room, except for the room that we‘re in now!
Taako:  Well, how were we supposed to know what—
Angus:  If you had maybe—
Magnus:  You know what, listen...
Angus:  If you could‘ve aggro‘d him, and trained him toward the back of the train—oh I get why they call it that now. Anyway, we better roll initiative.
Travis:  [laughs]
Justin:  Ugh, Okay.
Travis:  I rolled a... ten.
Clint:  I rolled a 19.
Travis:  Well...
Griffin:  Damn, dawg!
Justin:  Uhhh... 11. I wish I learned this one... chill touch. That sounds nice. It‘s chill.
Clint:  Heeey!
Travis:  Heeey!
Justin:  Chill, chill.
Justin:  Hey, how  ̳bout a chill touch!
Travis:  Chill touch!
Justin:  Chill touch, just relax. Chill.
Travis:  I think chill touch is what they do in Earth Girls Are Easy.
Justin:  Be cool. Take a seat on my Adirondack chair.
Griffin:  Okay. Uh...
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  First in the order is Merle. First off, let me explain the situation. The three of you are in the passenger car, which is, essentially, just a row of, uh... two rows of benches on the left and right sides of the train, with some windows, uh, next to each bench. Imagine just sort of the layout of a... well, a train. And in the front row, uh, sitting, who‘s just turned to, uh, survey the deafening noise and yelling, you see Jess the Beheader. Uh, and just behind you is Angus who is still dragging Graham,  the fainted Juicy Wizard, away from this crab, who is directly in front of you. And with that, uh, it is Merle‘s turn.
Clint:  So Angus is heading towards the front of the train...
Griffin:  Angus is basically trying to get Graham away from... the monster.
Clint:  Right, but I‘m trying to get the direction fixed in my head. Towards the front of the train... the crab is toward the back of the train.
Griffin:  Right, exactly.
Clint:  Okay. I have decided to no longer try to be... Wesley. I‘m—
Travis:  Hmm?
Clint:  From Princess Bride. I‘m gonna fulfill my role as a cleric! I cast shield of faith.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  A shimmering field that lasts for ten minutes, and will give each one of the three of us plus two AC.
Griffin:  Okay!
Clint:  You‘re welcome!
Travis:  Super cool.
Griffin:  Ah, you gonna move, or do anything?
Clint:  Nope, I'm just doing that. Casting shield of faith.
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  I hold up my book, my, my Extreme Teen Bible. A bright, clear, crystal blue sheen erupts from it—
Travis:  Wait, is it clear, or is it crystal blue?
Clint:  Yes.
Travis:  [laughs] Okay.
Clint:  It‘s crystal clear, blue, with a bluish—a slight bluish tint.
Travis:  Translucent.
Justin:  Uh, Griff, are we able to tell like, what it—does the crab seem organic, or robotic, or what is it?
Griffin:  Oh, it‘s organic. It‘s not, uh, an automaton. Uh, it is...
Justin:  You know how Travis feels about those.
Travis:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Yeah. [laughs]
Travis:  How big is it? Like, compare it to an animal?
Griffin:  Uh, it is... the size of... a... hmm. That‘s a great question, Travis. Sort of a Galapagos Turtle.
Travis:  Okay.
Clint:  Oh, that would hurt.
Griffin:  What would?
Clint:  If it—if it pinched us.
Griffin:  Yeah. It was not—it doesn‘t have pincers, as much as it has these long, razor sharp claws. And uh, a mouth that is very big, and has lots of teeth like a Sarlacc.
Travis:  Okay.
Clint:  Yeah, but there‘s still good meat in there, I‘m tellin‘ ya.
Griffin:  Oh, for sure, for sure, for sure.
Clint:  Ooh.
Griffin:  Um, okay, Merle, are you done? You‘re not moving?
Clint:  That‘s it. I‘m not moving.
Griffin:  Okay. The three of you are just standing shoulder to shoulder, then, I guess. It is now the crab‘s turn. Uh, he scuttles towards the three of you... uh, sort of rotates his body and rears back on one of his claws...
Travis:  Mm-hmm.
Griffin:  And swings one claw each at all three of you.
Justin:  Sweet.
Travis:  Oh, that‘s a cool look.
Griffin:  Sort of just a, uh, just sort of a raking attack. Uh, we‘ll start with... we‘ll start with Merle.
Clint:  Now which one do I roll?
Griffin:  I‘m rolling to attack your AC.
Clint:  Alright.
Griffin:  Uh, that is a 17.
Clint:  Yeah, 18 is my armor class.
Justin:  It actually is 20 right now, right?
Clint:  Oh that‘s right, yes.
Griffin:  Uh, okay, so his claw just sort of grazes you, and just sort of glances off your pauldrons of your chainmail armor.
Clint:  Ha!
Griffin:  Uh, the next claw comes down on Taako, and that is... ooh, goddamn, uhh, 24?
Taako:  Just barely.
Travis:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Uh, and I‘ll go ahead and roll the attack on Merle too, to see if it hits. Uhh, that is a... 18.
Travis:  Wait, on me, you mean?
Griffin:  Yeah. Sorry, Magnus.
Travis:  My AC right now is 19. Thank you, Merle.
Griffin:  Uh, okay. So Taako, you are the only one that got hit by that, and you take... ooh, six... plus eight. 14 damage as he rakes it across your chest.
Travis:  Um, am I correct in thinking that without my shield, I can‘t do...
Griffin:  Yeah, you can‘t... I think that‘s true.
Travis:  I think that‘s true, too.
Griffin:  I‘m gonna say it‘s true, cause how—what the fuck, what are you gonna do? Jump in front of it like, uh, in the line of fire?
Travis:  I mean, I will, I‘ll take that damage.
Griffin:  No. Uh, Taako took that damage. 14 damage to the Taako.
Justin:  Wait, how many?
Griffin:  Yeah, 14. Listen, you guys are level--what, level four now? You can take a—you can take a beating. 14 is nothing. I shit and take 14 damage.
Clint:  [laughs]
Travis:  [laughs] Really? You should see a doctor, Griffin.
Griffin:  Next in the order is Taako. [laughing]
Travis:  No, wait, wait, wait. It just says, ―Protection when a creature you see attacks a target other than you when it‘s in five feet—‖ Oh, nope, you must be wielding a shield. Okay, never mind!
Griffin:  I was about to say, what are you—―Hey you! Cut it out!‖
Travis:  ―Get your damn hands off him!‖
Griffin:  ―You get your damn... lobster claws off him!‖
Travis:  No, Biff. Okay.
Griffin:  Uh, Taako, it is your turn.
Justin:  Where is the—the thing has made its way into the train car, right?
Griffin:  Uh, it‘s right in front of you, yeah. All of you are about, uh... you‘re sort of clustered up together, about, uh, eight feet from the door that you came through.
Justin:  Okay. Okay. I cast levitate on the crab.
Travis:  Nice.
Griffin:  Uh, okay.
Justin:  It has to pass a constitution saving throw.
Griffin:  Constitution‘s not this crab‘s strong point, which I‘m sure you‘ll be happy to hear—glad to hear. Um, what is that—and then what? You just fuck—you levitate him?
Justin:  Yeah, he floats for ten minutes.
Griffin:  [laughing] Okay, I didn‘t know you can do that to other things.
Justin:  And he can—well, you have to have a, I mean, if it‘s unwilling, you have to pass a constitution saving throw.
Griffin:  Okay. 11? Yeah, it didn‘t pass. Uh, okay, this crab is now levitating. How high, and what does that mean? [laughing]
Justin:  It would float up to 20 feet. Um, right at this point. it can only move, uh... let me just—
Griffin:  If it uses another physical object to like, push itself?
Justin:  Yeah, it can push off a surface within reach. Uh, I can change the altitude by up to 20 feet in either direction on my turn. Can I say something as a free action?
Griffin:  Yeah.
Taako:  Knock it out! Of the train!
Merle:  Cool. Y‘know, basically, if you levitate it up to the roof you‘ve got a crab on its back, not able to move.
Taako:  Yeah, I wanna knock it out of the train!
Griffin:  Magnus, uh, it is your turn.
Travis:  Excellent. I‘m gonna step up and Phantom Fist it out a window.
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Okay.
Clint:  [giggles]
Travis:  That is a... 17.
Griffin:  And you have to beat AC?
Travis:  Yeah.
Griffin:  Uh yeah, he has 16 AC, so...
Travis:  Nice.
Griffin:  That connects.
Travis:  Um, so that hits 1d4...
Griffin:  And don‘t you get some sort of bonus, for your unarmed?
Travis:  Oh, it does, it does. It‘s um... 1d4, so I hit it for two, but I get to push it...
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  And I‘m gonna push it through the window. So basically I‘m punching it out a window.
Griffin:  The window is about, uh... six feet? Uh, which—to the left or the right? You‘re basically in the center of the train right now.
Travis:  I mean, I‘m punching it with my right fist, so—
Griffin:  So it would be towards the left.
Travis:  Yes.
Griffin:  Uh, okay, you punch—and how far can you punch him with the Phantom Fist?
Travis:  I don‘t know.
Griffin:  This pushes the target back 2d4 feet.
Travis:  Oh, okay. Great.
Griffin:  We will say, because he‘s experiencing some like, anti-gravity shit right now, we‘ll bump that up to 3d4.
Travis:  Okay.
Griffin:  So you need to get six if you wanna try and—
Travis:  Four.
Griffin:  —get him out of the train.
Travis:  Six.
Griffin:  Okay, yeah.
Travis:  Uh, ten.
Griffin:  Okay, you punch him, uh, towards the left side of the train. He hits the glass and it shatters, but he gets a chance to, uh, try and grab onto the sides of the train to avoid getting knocked out. Let‘s do a straight up and down check. If it beats 10, then he manages to hold himself. Uh, he got an 11.
Travis:  [groans]
Griffin:  So you punch him. He, uh--his basically mouth side goes flying into the glass and shatters it, but he manages to stab his claws into either side of the window, and hold himself there without going out. But you did do some damage to him.
Travis:  I‘m gonna action surge and punch him again.
Justin:  [laughs]
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  I‘m dedicated to this. I want this to happen real bad.
Justin:  This needs to happen.
Travis:  Uh, that is a 19.
Griffin:  Okay. Yeah, that does it. And you don‘t—I guess you don‘t need to roll for distance. You roll damage, so go ahead and hit him.
Travis:  Okay, two... that‘s another two... so all together, I have hit him for eight damage.
Griffin:  Okay.
Travis:  And punched him out a window.
Griffin:  Okay. Same chance to resist.
Justin:  Wait a minute, why does he get a chance to resist Phantom Fist?
Griffin:  So, if at any time, you are being, uh, knocked off a ledge to your death, or being knocked into like, a hole, or any situation where you are being killed with movement, you get a chance to—a reflex save to save yourself. The only other time you wouldn‘t do that is if you‘re like, asleep or unconscious or something.   Uh, but that time, he only rolled a seven. Uh, so, you, uh—he is latched onto this window. You run out to him one more time and do like a jumping punch attack, uh, and his claws, his claw-knees buckle and, uh, he gets pushed out the window. You are on the inside of the tunnel, so he gets scraped up against the side of the tunnel and train, uh, and you see him move down the length of the train as it passes through this tunnel, and he‘s just sort of getting mashed up. Uh, he‘s not outside of the car for very long when you see another burst of flame, and he sort of rocket propels himself, uh, back into the train about two cars down.
Travis:  Now hold on! Now...
Griffin:  Uh, but! Because he just got straight up grinded, uh, down the length of the train, we‘ll say he took, uh, 2d12 damage from that. That‘s a 10... And 11. Wowzers.
Travis:  And I hit him for eight.
Griffin:  21. Yep.
Travis:  So he‘s taken 29 points of damage.
Griffin:  Yeah, and he is bloody, and he is further down the train, and that was pretty fucking radical.
[theme music plays]
Griffin:  Once again, I just want to thank Nature Box for supporting the show this week. You can go to Nature Box to order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks. Just go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, and you can sign up for a free sampler box of great tasting, healthy snacks.  Thanks for listening! See you all next week!
