Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Sheriff Owens: If there’s anything you know, anything that sounds beyond belief, I am all ears, Ned Chicane.
Ned: Sheriff, I’m not sure what I can tell you, because I’m kinda clueless.
Bevan: It’s like this blonde lady, about Tim-sized, I would say. I saw her again, but this time, like... she was way different.
Griffin: Gregor Mortis looks up at you, you all walk into the morgue room... there are bite marks, more akin to, like, a small shark got in there.
Aubrey: Doesn’t this seem almost calculated to be scary?
Duck: It seems like overkill.
Ned: There’s got to be a reason why this attack happened.
Griffin: As you pull the sheet back, you can now see the face of Gregor, the technician you were talking to outside. As you notice that, the door into the morgue starts to swing open. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Justin: ...And the door was opening... and a lot of spooky business was afoot!
Griffin: Errrr! That’s the sound of the door.
Travis: Welcome to our Halloween episode!
Griffin: Yeah, what if we just did all sound effects for this one? So it goes like this Errrrr! [Travis gasps dramatically] Hmmmmm.
Justin: I’m taking off my headphones, I don’t want to hear this.
Clint: Aaaaaaah!
Griffin: Get outta there! [explosion sounds] [laughter]
Justin: Wait, stop, Griffin. Not a sound effect. [Griffin continues to make explosion sounds]
Travis: No, Justin, that was the sound of a radio playing and somebody on the radio was saying “Get outta there!” [Griffin makes a ka-chunk sound repeatedly]
Clint: Splurt!
Griffin: Ka-chunk, ka-chunk, ka-chunk. I’m a bunch of bones! Alright.
Justin: Y’know, it’s good because you do the Previously On, and that ramps the tension back up,
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: and then it’s like, “Hold on. Let’s deflate that real quick.”
Griffin: Well, this is like we’re DJs giving ‘em a taste before the drop, and here comes the drop a monster comes through.
Travis: Oh no—wait. A bad monster?
Griffin: Yes. You are all more or less trapped in this room, as the one and only entrance into the morgue proper here slowly swings open from the front office, and a figure passes through that door. And there is something kind of familiar about the figure that comes through the door... it is a humanoid shape. It is a humanoid shape, albeit with four arms, and this shape is just made out of this tangible, brilliant light. Its head, or what you’re assuming its head is based on where heads traditionally live, sort of cranes around to take you all in and ascertain the situation. And you’re having some trouble actually, like, seeing what this light-person is doing because the other thing that actually makes them different from the other beings like this you’ve seen before, is this one has this swirling cloud of particles going all around them. I say particles—they are visible to the naked eye. They are just these small orbs of different—
Travis: Like a nebula?
Griffin: Uhh, kinda? You could describe it like that. There are different orbs of different shapes and sizes, behaving in different ways; some are, like, gelling together and shooting new particles off, and some are just neatly orbiting around each other, and some are just ping-ponging around in this cloud—
Travis: Oh, like a lava lamp.
Griffin: Some of it is lava lamp-esque, but some of it is also just, like, maraca beans? And you don’t usually see them, but what they would be doing. It is chaotic and it is this cloud that’s just surrounding them and kind of mimicking its movements as this light figure moves, just cascading all around them almost like armor or something like that. And this figure walks into the room and then reaches its arm backward with, like, shocking force, with shocking speed, and slams the door of the morgue shut. And with that, I’m gonna ask you who wants to go first?
Clint: Ned!
Griffin: Alright, Ned.
Clint: Ned grabs a scalpel off of one of the nearby examining trays.
Griffin: Okay?
Justin: [quietly] Fair.
Clint: ...And holds it to the throat of the corpse of Gregor Mortis and says to the creature
Ned: Stand down or I’ll kill your twin brother!
Travis: Nice.
Duck: Nice.
Griffin: Okay, that’s one way to-- [crosstalk]
Justin: Nice, nice. I’m saying, hey-- I’m saying “nice” in the world of the Adventure Zone. As Duck Newton. [Griffin laughs] I’m saying, ni— It’s hard to get the accent across
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Justin: with just one word. But all he’s saying is Nice. Nice.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Um, I guess-- okay so this seems like a move...[crosstalk] This seems like a...
Justin: Like a bad idea? [Travis laughs]
Griffin: A “Manipulate Someone”.
Clint: Yeah! Manipulate.
Griffin: I’m trying to remember, monsters-- [Clint bursts out laughing.]
Justin: Fuck off. [Clint continues cackling.] Dad rolled a twelve.
Clint: Twelve!
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Twelve and I also add one, so that’s a hard thirteen. Thirteen. [continues laughing]
Griffin: Okay. Uh, the rules state that monsters and minions cannot normally be manipulated. But I think “normally” is the word I’m going to use as flexible— uh, a launch pad for this great improv that you’re doing here.
Clint: Well then allow me to point out that, according to those same rules, for “manipulate someone” on a 12+, you absolutely convince them.
Griffin: So... okay here’s how I’m going to sort of— [crosstalk]
Clint: That surprised you; that really surprised you, didn’t it? That I knew the rules.
Griffin: No, I think— [crosstalk]
Clint: [proudly] I looked at the rules!
Griffin: I’m very proud of you. I think the way that this thing responds to it, and maybe this will, like, give you information, because— well here’s one thing that you learn it’s not this thing’s twin and this is not a gambit that is, like— means anything to this being. At all. But, when you mention it being its twin, you see the cloud take shape. And it, like, these particles wrap themselves around the light arms of this being— it sort of folds two of them back into a torso that is starting to form, like a fleshy torso. And then two other arms spring out, and now, you know, it just looks like a guy. The particles continue and it goes up and it forms a skull and a system of musculature and skin and hair and clothes, and now, the thing standing before you is Gregor. Again. And he holds up his hand and you see some of his, like, skin move off of his forearm. [someone makes a sound of disgust] Not like it’s peeling off, but just like it’s sliding down— it’s redistributing itself. And this stick made of just dude particles that he is now holding, and then with a flash, they turn into metal and now he’s the one holding the scalpel. [pause] You are still holding your scalpel, but he has...mimicked it, and created a mimic scalpel that he, uh, is armed.  So that’s a lot of intel. That’s what you get for that roll I think.
Justin: You manipulated them successfully into thinking— you absolutely convinced him that you think it was his twin brother. [laughs] He was completely convinced of your belief— [crosstalk]
Travis: He believes that you believe— [crosstalk]
Clint: Yeah! Take that.
Travis: He is impressed by your level of commitment to the bit.
Griffin: Sure... [laughter]
Griffin: I think with that, this new Gregor has begun to walk towards you, Ned, because you are the one who was sort of initiating the confrontation with him.
Duck: Gregor, thank god you’re here. I have terrible news. Your twin brother has been killed. [everyone laughs] Hey, you may want to set the scalpel down, pal. This is some tough news you’re dealing with.
Travis: Aubrey is going to try something new here.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And it’s an aspect of “Use Magic” that is to... “bar a place or portal to a specific person or type of creature.”
Griffin: Okaaaay...
Travis: So as its walking towards Ned, Aubrey says,
Aubrey: “I would like it to stop, please.”
Travis: And calls to magic to kinda stop it from getting to Ned.
Griffin: Hmm, okay.
Travis: And rolls is a nine plus
Griffin: Plus weird.
Travis: three. Twelve.
Griffin: Okay. With that, that counts as a success; it pops off without issues. You choose your effect. I’m going to... we’re gonna have to decide what the effect is together because you can’t just be like “he’s imprisoned in an impervious crystal”, you know. I don’t think that that is something that Aubrey has proven that she can do, but also like, it’s sort of God-mode, which I don’t know--
Travis: I would say the effect I will use, ‘cuz I’ve used it before, is like force or wind.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: So more of like, I would say that... as it moves forward, the ‘equal and opposite reaction’ thing kicks in. And the wind is pushing it away from Ned.
Griffin: Okay, I think also it pushes Ned backwards as well, not in any sort of harmful way,
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: but just sort of towards the back corner of the room, sort of putting these things in two opposite sides of the ring.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: I’m sorry, I’m getting some sort of like, pop-up constantly asking me to look for a mp3 file and I don’t know what it is. [clicking noises] Okay.
Travis: [cheerily] Griffin, would you like to look for ‘Space Jam soundtrack’?
Griffin: Yeah I dunno. Duck, what are you doing? It sounded like you were just gonna do what Ned did.
Justin: Uhhhh...
Griffin: Unless that was one of your classic jokes.
Justin: No, I-- when you help someone out, is that something you do on your turn? Or, how does that work? Is it something you do in the moment then forgo your turn in doing so?
Griffin: Usually Help Out is a reactionary thing, but it can also be a setup. For sure, like it’s, yeah. What are you— if you tell me what you’re thinking about doing...
Justin: I don’t really have anything to help. My plan was to try to help if anyone had a good thing that needed some help. But like, that situation has not transpired as of yet.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: But I don’t have a lot that I can do. In this situation, I’d probably be like, hiding... [laughs]
Griffin: Okay, yeah that’s totally an option-- [crosstalk]
Justin: [crosstalk] Or, kinda staying to the periphery...
Griffin: Yeah, I mean, another thing you can do, you are face-to-face with the monster and obviously that’s a dangerous place to be, but also an informative place to be, and that’s the name of the game. You guys have to know shit about this monster to be able to eventually kill it. So like, you could do something like that, or if you just wanna hide, that’s absolutely up to you.
Justin: I tell you what, I’ll— I’m gonna hide under the— while the attention is drawn to my compatriots, I want to hide under the table, like the operating table— [crosstalk]
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: [crosstalk] And tie his shoelaces together.
Justin: [mimicking springing sound] boiiiing!
Griffin: Love it. [laughter]
Justin: The prank man strikes again. [Clint laughs.] No, uh, I’m gonna do that and just kinda observe. I have, you know, some zoological training; I have stuff like that. What can I pick up about it, I guess is what I want to find out.
Travis: Is that ‘Read a Bad Situation’? [crosstalk]
Justin: It’s either that or— [crosstalk]
Griffin: So yeah— it’s— [crosstalk]
Justin: It’s ‘Read a Bad Situation’, right? I mean, technically?
Griffin: I mean, here’s what I’ll give you. You’re trying to do two things, right? The ‘hide’ is a move, and the ‘figure shit out about it’ is a move, so I feel like this is, if anything, it’s an ‘Act Under Pressure’ and then if you pull it off, not only will you have hidden, I’ll give you one question.
Justin: Yeah, that seems fair.
Griffin: Just sort of meld the two together. And that also gives me more to do if you fail, because ‘Act Under Pressure’ mixed success has some great shit in it.
Justin: [rolling] And that would be...
Griffin: Cool?
Justin: one, so a seven.
Griffin: Alright, that gets you up to a mixed success. You are going to get under this table, right? I have to give you a worse outcome, hard choice or price to pay. The hard choice is... there’s two tables, right? There were two operating tables there. You can either jump under the one that is closer to the corner that he was just knocked into, and have a less stealthy place, like a not great, perfect hiding place. Or you can jump under the one that is further from where he is, but you won’t be able to get as much hard info on it. So that’s your hard choice. You got the two tables. It’s about as good a world binary as we can get.
Justin: I’m gonna get close. I’m okay with that.
Griffin: Okay. Alright, ask your question then.
Travis: What does it sound like when doves cry? [crosstalk]
Justin: [crosstalk] It’s ‘Read a Bad Situation’, so...
Griffin: I think it could be either, so you tell me. Are you trying to figure out how to get out of this morgue without dying?
Justin: Nah, not really.
Griffin: Or are you trying to figure out like what this thing’s weakness is?
Justin: Nah, I’m not gonna leave. How ‘bout this? ‘What kind of creature is it?’ That’s what I’ll go with.
Griffin: Okay. I think that you are close enough to see, like, the exact-- like the incredible detail of this figure, right? You can see the shoelaces on this thing’s-- [crosstalk]
Travis: You can tie them together. [chuckles]
Griffin: You can tie ‘em together if you really want to. You can tell— you can see the weight of a wallet in its back pocket, right? This thing just formed itself out of this cloud, which is gone now. The cloud has become the suit that this thing is inside. And when you have that thought, I think it clicks for you that this light creature, that I think you all have seen at various points whenever you defeat the abominations, is, you know, has turned this cloud of particles into a suit, that they can, you know, you know that they can turn it into Gregor. What else can they turn into?
Travis: Like a Gregor suit?
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: So you said wallet, is it basically mimicking-- does Gregor look like somebody who just came into work? Are they looking like Gregor would have looked--
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: while working at the morgue? Basically?
Griffin: Mmhmm, yes.
Justin: So, working off something it has seen.
Griffin: Right.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Aubrey, I think— or Ned, actually I think Ned is up. You’re on the opposite corner of this thing. Duck has just jumped and hidden under a table. This thing— [crosstalk]
Clint: Is it not— has it taken a turn?
Griffin: Um, that’s not really how this works. I respond to what you guys do. I mean, if you guys go a long time without getting out of the room or fighting this thing, or whatever, like, yeah, he’s gonna start taking swings. But really, my role as Keeper is to respond to the decisions that you all make and give you hard choices. For instance, Duck is now, like, Duck is not very well hidden from this thing, and he’s very close to it. And this thing is standing in front of the only door out of here, which is shut behind it.
Clint: But it hasn’t done anything aggressive yet, right?
Griffin: It was approaching you with a scalpel, which it’s still holding.
Clint: Well, I’m holding a scalpel too. [Justin scoffs.]
Griffin: Well, we can have ourselves a good old-fashioned scalpel fight... [Travis laughs]
Clint: Okay, I’ll tell you what.
Travis: [sarcastically] No, not again!
Clint: Here’s what Ned does. He extends his arm, and drops the scalpel.
Griffin: Okay. What are you trying to do with that?
Clint: Well I wanna see how closely its mimicking everything we do.
Travis: Maybe it’s responding to the body language, like threatening body language of Ned?
Clint: I mean, well-- [crosstalk]
Justin: Hey listen, he dropped the scalpel, Griffin. What happened next? [laughter] What happened next in the story? Ned dropped a scalpel-- [crosstalk]
Travis: He doesn’t have to tell you what he’s trying to do; you just have to tell us what you’re gonna do.
Justin: Yeah, what happened?
Griffin: Um, yeah let’s make it interesting. This thing-- [crosstalk]
Justin: Well there’s a first! [laughs]
Griffin: Well I was trying to think if we should try to make it into a roll. But okay fine, the being reaches out its arm and... lets go of its scalpel, which falls to the floor. As it does, you can actually see, Duck, from your position, as it hits the floor, it just effortlessly turns into these silvery spheres that sort of float around for a minute before getting just sucked up and reconstituted into the fake Gregor’s form. And as he does that, I think he starts approaching just with his hands outstretched, and now he is coming for you Ned, and he’s coming to hurt you.
Aubrey: Hey, could you not hurt Ned? Maybe? Like maybe we could talk? It seems like maybe you want... something?
Griffin: Okay, its arms transform as they reach out towards you, and it is a kind of-- it’s a disgusting transformation,
Travis: Got it.
Griffin: because all of this organic matter making this thing up just shifts around in ways that human bodies shouldn’t be able to shift. Their upper arm grows twice in length and their hands bloom outward and reform into these long bestial clawed hands, and he nearly doubles in height, and now, standing before you is this hideous, tall, hairy creature, that is just like covered in sores and just has this ghoulish, dripping, animal smile and its feet are enormous and I think like your brain tries to like, quickly say ‘Okay, what is this thing, Ned? What is this thing?’ It is- what you maybe would have considered before you met the real deal, is, it’s Bigfoot.
Travis: It’s a sasquatch? A woodland ape?
Griffin: And, yes, and uh, it grabs you, Ned, and chucks ya. It throws you against... just backwards, into one of the operating tables and you and the - not the one that Duck is hiding under - but you and the body go, sort of, tumbling over and you take one harm.
Travis: Okay, Aubrey throws Snitch at it.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Is that Act Under, or, Kick Some Ass?
Griffin: That's definitely Kick Some Ass.
Travis: Okay, it's gonna end up being a seven.
Griffin: Oh, you have a minus one Tough.
Travis: Yes I do.
Griffin: Okay, I mean that's still a mixed success, so where are you trying to like, hit it. What are you trying to, uh-
Travis: Well, I figured just, I'm going for like, back, between the shoulder blades, you know?
Griffin: Okay, yeah, it had its back turned to you as it picked up your friend and chucked him. Okay, what was the damage on that?
Travis: That’s a good question, Griffin. So, in gear options for spellslinger there is a one harm knife.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: And I figure I don’t have any pluses to the damage, it’s the magic flying part that is the bonus, right?
Griffin: [surprised] Oh, it’s a magic weapon.
Travis: Yeah, Snitch.
Griffin: Oh, okay, okay, here’s what happens. I think one arm is- this is great. You throw your magic knife and this bigfoot creature screams. And not like in a bestial way, it’s not like you just stabbed it into a bear, the scream is much smaller than that. It’s much, actually, higher pitch than that and honestly, it sounds almost vocoder-y? Like it sounds... Not Hatsune Miku, but you know, sort of along those lines. It is not the sound that you expected to come out of this thing. And you don’t get like, blood out of this creature, you just see the particles where the knife was just sort of, burst outwards and it gives the bigfoot now time to reach back and pull the knife out of its back and drop it to the ground.
Travis: And I-
Aubrey: Snitch, back!
Travis: Cause it's a magic flying knife.
Griffin: It zips back into your hand!
Aubrey: Thank you Snitch, you're great.
Griffin: It, in exchange, Aubrey, turns around with one of its massive clawed arms and just grabs you by the face and just slams you backwards into the wall of racks, and you take two harm.
Travis: Well, I’ve got a vest, so I only take one harm.
Griffin: Yeah, the vest is thick enough. [crosstalk]
Justin: Yeah the back wall of racks is coated in roast beef grease and...
Travis: Curly fry sauce. [laughter]
Justin: Gross... Is that- that’s probably a re-
Clint: Can’t believe they have-
Justin: that’s probably a regional thing, huh? Okay-
Griffin: Really narrowcasting
Justin: Google Rax Roast Beef sandwich restaurant, only one exists.
Travis: Really good chocolate shake with bits in it.
Justin: Great chocolate shake!
Travis: Oh, and it had the chocolate, actual like, chunks in it, so it would stop up the straw? Ugh!
Griffin: Yeah, it was really gross. [singsong voice] Duuck!
Travis: Now-
Justin: Yeah, I got this.
Travis: Just to clarify, because one of the tags on Snitch is Volatile. Aubrey is very complimentary and thankful to Snitch so that it doesn’t get upset. That’s what I’ve determined ‘Volatile’ means in regards to the magic flying knife.
Griffin: Oh, no, I think what it means is as it’s flying backwards it does a weird curveball arc back in your direction and when you catch it, like you’re-- every time, I want it to be every time Aubrey catches this thing she’s scared shitless, because
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: it’s a knife flying at her in a fun, new pattern. It’s a new way every time.
Griffin: Duck. What’s up? You gonna just keep chilling?
Justin: Here’s what I’m gonna do. I’m going to-- it’s right by me, yay?
Griffin: It’s right by you, yeah, and its attention is definitely at your back, it just slammed Aubrey up against the wall,
Justin: Perfect.
Griffin: and threw Duck into a ta-- er, threw Ned into a table.
Justin: I'm gonna, uh, I wanna pull out Beacon.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And I'm gonna extend Beacon and whip it around its legs.
Griffin: Okay...
Justin: I’m perfectly angled to do that.
Travis: Now, Justin, I have a question, based on something we learned last episode. Every time Duck draws Beacon, is he at risk of his pants falling down?
Justin: Uh, no, Duck also always has suspenders.
Travis: [chuckles] Oh, okay! [Clint laughs]
Justin: Think about this, Travis. Think about what you’re saying. Really.
Clint: That’s canon!
Justin: Forest suspenders! He’s worn them since he was a teenager. [crosstalk]
Griffin: I almost think this would be an Act Under Pressure, right? I don’t think-- there’s something like this in ‘Kick Some Ass’, but you’re clearly not trying to attack this thing, and from your position I don’t know that it would attack you either, so I think it’s just an ‘Act Under Pressure’ roll to try and bind this thing’s feet so that you all can have some time to do whatever, so
Justin: Alright!
Griffin: roll ‘Act Under Pressure’.
Justin: Let’s do it! [rolls] Fuck
Griffin: Plus Cool!
Justin: Plus Cool, which is... one. That’s a six. Which is a failure.
Griffin: That’s a six, which is not good. Okay, so what happens--
Justin: I’m gonna burn a Luck!
Griffin: Are you?
Clint: Oooh!
Justin: I am! I wanna burn a point of luck, cause I really need this to work, ‘cuz I want to get the fuck out of here. [Clint laughs]
Griffin: Okay! Uh, then yes, go ahead and mark that Luck point off and you succeed in binding this thing’s feet. And instantly-- at this point I think Duck [crosstalk]
Justin: Wait, that was dumb, it’s made of light! Aw, fuck!
Griffin: [chuckles] Instantly Duck and Aubrey, you all are back on your feet you all have recovered cause you don't wanna be lying on the ground while this thing's on the loose, and you see Duck pull this gambit. It's not-- I mean it's not made of light in the sense that you're thinking, Duck, but you can tell that like, it tries to take a step forward and stumbles and falls to the remaining upright operating table. I think it's just the one that you are under and--
Duck: Sorry I guess that was a little bit trippy.
Griffin: Alright!
Travis: Aaa!
Griffin: And you see it's sort of, flesh start to shift around the blade, trying to figure out a way to get out of this thing. And yeah, I think, Ned, you’re up.
Justin: I’m very clearly-- I yell to them, like
Duck: Let’s get the hell out of here!
Justin: Like, I think we go. I don’t think we know enough to fight this thing. I feel like we've picked up some info, I'm good to go.
Ned: Okay!
Clint: And Ned runs for the door!
Griffin: It is locked by the same keypad, uh, swipe-pad lock that you saw outside that I guess you have now realized fake Gregor used to let you into. The bigfoot that is still trying to get out of this blade binding. You actually can see that coming out of its flesh toward the back of its body is that key card that he used to let you inside. Almost as if this thing had it in its possession and when it reformed it just kinda got caught up-- caught up in the bod. So you see the key card out of here and it’s coming from inside the back of the creature.
Travis: Grab it.
Clint: Okay, Ned, being an accomplished thief, reaches towards this scary horrible monster’s big hairy ass and grabs the key card, and swipes it!
Travis: Out of its ass.
Justin: Eugh!
Clint: I know, I know, I know!
Aubrey: It’s in its ass, Ned, get it!
Ned: [shudders] Um, okay.
Clint: And-
Aubrey: Reach in that ass, Ned!
Griffin: Just so-- just so we’re clear, this thing is bent over an operating table, so we could not sort of put together a better proctological exam tableaux.
Aubrey: Reach into its ass, Ned, hurry!
Ned: Uum--
Duck: Get in there, bud.
Ned: Alright.
Aubrey: Get in that ass!
Ned: Cough, monster, cough!
Clint: And--
Aubrey: Get that ass, Ned!
Clint: Grab that a-- grab that key card-- ass-- key card and... and holds it gingerly with a thumb and a finger with a horrible expression on his face.
Griffin: Okay, roll to ‘Act Under Pressure’.
Justin: [snorts] The greatest roll--
Travis: Roll to get in that ass!
Justin: Roll to get in the ass. Roll to get a slice of that monster butt.
Travis: [laughs] Come on!
Justin: Come on...
Clint: Ssseven! Plus... one, which is Cool, and that’s eight.
Justin: It’s very cool! Very cool. [laughter]
Travis: That’s a mixed ass success.
Justin: Climbing into a monster’s ass to get the card to get back into the place we’re escaping from, I think it’s super cool.
Clint: This is gonna be an R episode, isn’t it. This one’s rated R.
Griffin: I’m going to give you a hard choice, Ned.
Justin: Didn’t he just make a hard choice? [Griffin laughs] A pretty hard choice!
Griffin: I don’t think that-- No, I think that was undeniable. You can get the card out, Ned, and get it to your accomplices, but the monster is going to get a chance to do something to you before-- after, I guess, that happens. That’s the hard choice there will be payback for this.
Clint: Okay. Ned, after he grabs the key card, looks at Aubrey and just is full of guilt over what he knows he did in the past, so Ned will take that. He’ll take that choice to let the-- Aubrey and Duck get away and take whatever happens to him, happens to him.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Just to paint the other side of it, like Ned looks with whatever facial expression is full of guilt and Aubrey’s just like, uuum, okay?
Aubrey: Ned, are you-- oh! Thanks for the key card!
Griffin: Yeah, you throw the key card across the room to Aubrey and just as you do so, this thing just sort of melts around Beacon. Its feet, where its feet were, just turn instantly into this cloud of particles and you see the light form sort of effortlessly step out of the binding, and then the particles move back forward and their feet reform, and it happens so quickly that this thing just reflexively kicks backwards which sort of moves the operating table that Duck is under and sends it sliding towards the exit to the room, and it also propels it forward into you, Ned, as it turns on its heels and just charges right into you. Aubrey and Duck, what you see, as this thing pushes into Ned, it almost looks like they were fighting in front of a backdrop for a play, like a paper backdrop, that had been painted in the shape of this morgue, because they just puncture through your vision. They just puncture through whatever you can see and a tear forms in, just-- reality, in front of you. And through it, behind it, whatever’s beyond it, it seems like a very dark sort of space, but you only get a flash of a second to look at it, because as soon as that happens this thing pushes Ned through the rift and follows behind and then the rift disappears.
Aubrey: Well... Shit! [Ad break]
Griffin: Aubrey and Duck, you have just watched your third get pushed through a rift in space-time by a shapeshifting monster. You are in the morgue by yourselves now but you have the key needed to get out of it.
Justin: My sword is on the ground?
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: Alright, I pick that up.
Griffin: Good.
Justin: That’s great.
Griffin: That was a trick that I was gonna do on you, if you’d left it there. I was looking forward to making you not have a sword anymore.
Justin: Nice try, Gamemaster. Or should I say, fart-lord. [laughter]
Duck: Well, uh, that didn’t go, I mean that didn’t go exactly as I expected, eh?
Aubrey: Yeah... yeah.
Travis: Aubrey’s like, you know, feeling the wall, like they do in movies when somebody gets pulled through a wall.
Griffin: Yeah it wasn’t even in the wall. It was just like, the center of the room. It wasn’t like he smashed through the wall Kool-Aid Man style. He smashed through, like... light. Kool-Aid Man style.
Justin: [laughing] You know, how Kool-Aid Man does.
Travis: [laughing] Yeah. Imagine if Kool-Aid Man were a being of pure light, you know like Crystal Light. [Clint laughs in the background.]
Travis: Thank you dad.
Griffin: That’s a good joke. That’s, that’s just good joke right there.
Travis: Thank you!
Clint: Good jokery.
Justin: That’s a good joke.
Duck: So uh... what do you think we should do now? I mean, we gotta get Ned back, eventually.
Aubrey: Uh-huh.
Clint: [chuckles] Eventually.
Duck: There’s no question-- hey you’re not here.
Clint: Oh right, sorry.
Duck: There’s no question about that. [pause] There aren’t many questions about the fact that we have to eventually, uh, secure Ned. But what the fuck was that thing?
Aubrey: Well, mimic?
Duck: [contemplatively] Mimic. Maybe. Yeah, it seemed like it could copy people-- hey, right now, quick. Listen, I seen a lot of TV and movies. Tell me something that only you know, but that you would tell me and that I would know. Or like, a secret code word maybe? Something like, so we can’t get mimicked. You know what I mean? People never think about that shit.
Aubrey: People never think about getting mimicked?
Duck: Naw but just like, in a movie where there’s mimics, people never think about like, we need a secret mimic catchphrase or codeword or something to defend against the possibility of mimic attacks.
Aubrey: Well, um.
Duck: So like, what’s gonna be our secret mimic thing?
Aubrey: Last week you were telling me about that time that you shit your pants when you were in high school, that you never told anyone about?
Duck: Fuck it, listen Aubrey, I told everybody that story. Honestly, I have shit my pants pretty regularly. And honestly, if you look at me, just sorta how I carry myself as a person, that would be a good educated guess. I think anybody could crack that.
Aubrey: You told me about the time you shit yourself at the DMV?
Duck: That’s true...
Griffin: As you’re having this conversation, you all hear a beep from the door lock on the other side of the wall and hear a shifting of the lock in the door, which--
Travis: Aubrey jumps to one side of the door, with her back against the wall.
Griffin: Yeah, it swings open and in enters Sheriff Owens with his service revolver drawn and out.
Duck: I’ve never shit my pants anywhere, Sheriff! [laughter]
Griffin: He turns his gun towards you and like, freaks out. He notices you too, Aubrey, and he says,
Sheriff Owens: Both you, don’t move, don’t go anywhere. What the fuck are you doing in here?
Griffin: You also see like, through the door out into the head office-- you see Deputy Dewey, and he’s watching the front door of the entire building. Just sorta getting that down on lock. And Sheriff Owens is interviewing the two of you at gunpoint.
Duck: Uh, hey Sheriff, put that away. I’m an officer as well. We’re brothers in-- behind the badge. Badge bros.
Sheriff Owens: [exasperated] That doesn’t-- Look around-- What did you fucking do in here?
Griffin: The morgue is, by the way, a mess. Imagine you are the chief operator of the Sheriff’s department that this morgue is responsible for. You walk in and there’s bodies on the floor, and just a big messy fight obviously happened in here.
Aubrey: Listen, Sheriff. It’s time I came clean with you, and told you the truth. [dramatic pause] I’m a federal agent.
Griffin: Aw man.
Aubrey: I’m here investigating, well, I can’t tell you. My partner, Agent Stern, and I have been working together up at Amnesty Lodge-- that’s where we’ve been holed up. Doing some research, and there’s been some strange disappearances around town over the last couple years. People have come through from out of state, and because they cross state lines, it makes it a federal case. So we’ve been working together to try to clear that up, and we heard there were some mysterious deaths down at the Hornet’s Nest, so I came down here with the help of local forest ranger Duck Newton
Duck: Oh thank Christ
Aubrey: to help me investigate into the situation.
Duck: Yep. [Griffin laughs hysterically]
Griffin: Did you say “oh thank Christ” because you were worried you were gonna have to come up with your own cover story?
Duck: I’m local forest ranger Duck Newton, and that’s it. [laughs]
Aubrey: He knows nothing-- he’s just been helping me. This is the first he’s been hearing about this. [crosstalk]
Duck: Hey listen-- The literal first I’m hearing of this. I’ve never heard any of this before. At all. This is the first I’ve heard of it, Sheriff. Damn.
Griffin: Yeah. ‘Manipulate Someone’ I think here, Aub.
Travis: [groans slightly] It’s an eight. Seven plus one, an eight.
Griffin: Yeah there’s not gonna be any salvaging that. They’re going to do it, but they need you to do something right now to show them that you mean it.
Aubrey: Let me call my partner. Let me get to that phone there on the desk and I’ll let you talk to Agent Stern.
Sheriff Owens: Alright, just hold on.
Griffin: He pulls out his flashlight, that he’s now kinda holding under his revolver, and he shines it around the room. And he sees the body of Gregor on the floor, that is like, obviously not a body that was in here before. He has just realized that Gregor has been killed. He says
Sheriff Owens: [sternly] You all are gonna wait, behind the desk, in that office there. [calls loudly] Dewey?
Griffin: Dewey turns around. He says
Sheriff Owens: Dewey, keep an eye on them. Either of them makes a sideways move-- well, don’t shoot at ‘em, unless you think they’re gonna get you, in which case you’re gonna need to do it. But just yell my name if a sideways move happens.
Deputy Dewey: You got it.
Griffin: He’s still sorta standing in the doorway to this building, but he’s got his back to the street, and he is now looking at the two of you all behind the desk as Sheriff Owens moves into the back of the morgue to get some context for what happened back there.
Travis: So Griffin, are we gonna have to kill Dewey?
Griffin: [deadpan] You’re gonna have to kill Dewey. No, I think he just wants you all to-- I think the calling Agent Stern thing is sort of what he is moving you toward. You’re gonna have to actually do something if you want to get out of consequences for this, but in the meantime he has, you know, he’s not pointing his gun at you anymore. That’s kind of a success.
Duck: Dewey?
Deputy Dewey: Yeah?
Duck: Listen, that thing that was here? It could come back at any second. And we don’t know what caused all this mess, but it wasn’t us, and whatever it was, it’s the same thing that wrecked shop over at the Hornet’s place. We have got to get out of here now. All of us, ‘cuz we don’t know when it could come back, or what’s gonna happen next. Whoever those were that caused all this.
Aubrey: What Duck is saying is absolutely correct. We came down here, no one was at the desk, we heard a noise in the morgue, we went to look and the door slammed behind us.
Deputy Dewey: Now you two listen to me. I know you all think, just ‘dumb ol’ Deputy Dewey, you can get him to do anything’. You know, ‘Dewey’ll eat it’. You can tell me to do anything and I’m just a fool. But I went to school just like anybody else-- to deputy school to get this position and I’m way sharper than y’all give me credit for. Y’all are always there when this shit happens--
Duck: What’s your Sharp?
Deputy Dewey: It’s a three. [laughter]
Duck: Damn. Shit.
Deputy Dewey: That’s more than enough to know that y’all are full of shit right now. So y’all are gonna stand there right now and if you keep acting up, I’m gonna read you your rights, ‘cuz I got them memorized too.
Griffin: As he’s talking, you see a rift open up 20 feet behind him in the parking lot. You see the shadow of the bigfoot form of this monster start walking, just like, emotionless, Terminator style, walking towards Dewey from behind. He does not see it.
Duck: Dewey. Give me your gun. Now.
Deputy Dewey: What the fuck are you talking about?
Duck: Dewey, we got one chance bud, give me your gun.
Griffin: Is this one of your normie moves?
Justin: This is “Trust Me”. When you tell a normal person the truth in order to protect them from danger, roll plus charm.
Griffin: Alright.
Justin: And I already told him the truth, that we needed to leave because the thing could come back.
Griffin: Yeah sure. [laughter, pained noises]
Justin: That’s a three. So three plus two. That’s a big um... that’s a five.
Clint: [Crosstalk] Twelve!
Travis: And I can’t help him enough, right? I can only-- [crosstalk]
Justin: Nobody can help me enough.
Griffin: Yep. He has his gun out towards the two of you, and he says,
Deputy Dewey: Now listen here, step number one in the deputy playbook is to not give your--
Griffin: And then he is... grabbed, by this figure, and pulled backwards. You hear this pained squeak come out of Dewey as this thing grabs him around the neck and carries him out of your line of sight. I think definitely, the Sheriff heard that, Sheriff Owens heard that, and he starts to-- [crosstalk]
Travis: This is going to be hard to explain.
Griffin: And he starts to run outside and you hear him scream. He is out of sight too; you two are now alone in this morgue.
Travis: Aubrey follows. Aubrey rushes in.
Griffin: [chuckles] Duck?
Justin: I’ll give chase, with Aubrey.
Griffin: You all, see something that I think, it’s gotta be terrifying, not in the usual way, not like in a ‘mortal fear’ way, but in a ‘the cork has just come out of the bottle’ and that’s gonna be tough because you see Sheriff Owens trembling, but holding his service revolver, trying to maintain some semblance of bravery as he points his gun at this bigfoot, who grabs Dewey around the torso, and just spins him and flings him through the large glass windows leading into the Sheriff’s department. Everybody inside there-- there’s a couple other officers, there’s a receptionist-- everybody in there sees Dewey get flung into the room, badly bloodied at this point. They also see the bigfoot standing in their parking lot. And immediately, Sheriff Owens opens fire, and wings the bigfoot a couple times. It just gets down on all four, you know like a jungle cat, and rushes away, gets onto the main street and starts running east out of town. Immediately, just like without even-- I think he’s now stuck his courage to the sticking point-- and Sheriff Owens runs and jumps in a squad car, and kicks the siren on, and takes off in hot pursuit.
Travis: So he’s got that covered.
Justin: I, uh...
Travis: Aubrey goes to check on Dewey.
Justin: I’m gonna grab onto the back of the Sheriff’s car.
Griffin: Oh fuck.
Justin: On my skateboard-- I’m skitching.
Griffin: [excitedly] Oh yes! Yes! Yes! Okay, yeah, okay. I’m gonna give you advantage on this roll, which we’ve never done before.
Justin: [grumbles] I don’t need to fucking roll, I’m just skitching. Human skitching.
Griffin: Well it’s for sure an ‘Act Under Pressure’, but because you’re using an object that is perfectly made for this, and because God has smiled down on our session and allowed this moment to happen, roll 3d6 and we’ll take the higher two. [rolls, Clint cheers]
Griffin: Yep, a four and six is ten, that’ll get you there. [Clint cackles.]
Justin: Plus one, eleven.
Griffin: You do this thing perfectly. How long has it been since you skitched?
Justin: Three weeks. [Everyone laughs.]
Justin: Duck’s a complicated man. There’s lots of times, when we’re not hunting monsters, and sometimes he’ll just get a good fucking skitch going.
Clint: Now I know what it is, but for other people who may not know what skitching is-- [crosstalk]
Travis: It’s skateboard hitching dude, haven’t you seen Back to the Future?
Justin: Yeah, it’s skitching, I actually think that maybe he has practiced— this is gonna sound stupid, but I feel like he might have practiced this move with Leo. Like maybe part of his training, like trying to get his balance back and stuff like that.
Griffin: [amused] I love it. I love it, I love it. It’s so fucking good. Okay, and Aubrey, you’re just running in to help Dewey, is that what you were doing?
Travis: Yeah, so she’s used healing before on Keith,
Griffin: Right.
Travis: so first I think she’s just checking to make sure, you know, he’s alive.
Griffin: Okay so we’ll do that scene in a second. I want to jump cut to Ned real quick. Ned, you are having trouble telling if you’re conscious or not? You can’t really tell if you are dreaming or not? You’re trending towards the latter because you can’t, for one thing, you can’t feel your body right now and you are standing in a clearly, like, virtual space. You are in just this huge empty void with this like, this grid of circuitry covering the floor and every few seconds there’s this circle of light that just sort of pings off of where you’re standing and it spreads and at certain points where it intersects the grid your circles of light that are coming out, you see your memories. You see really-- you see familiar things. You see a vision of your third grade teacher dismissing a class to recess, you see-- [crosstalk]
Clint: Mrs. DiAngelo?! Ohhh.
Griffin: Mrs. DiAngelo’s class, you see the layout of like, your parents’ bedroom and the house you grew up in and it’s various things that, you know, almost all of them are inconsequential, and then you start seeing these little bits of data that are like, actually way more sensitive? And I think one of those, like the one that sort of, takes your breath away a little bit is the night of the robbery. And as you see it and are confronted with it, it does what all the other memories are doing; it kinda flashes and turns into these streaks of light that shoot upward and out to somewhere you cannot see. And so you’re standing there, watching, unable to move as these memories get more and more personal. You see the basement of Amnesty Lodge, you see its inhabitants both in their disguise and true forms and you feel your pulse quickening which is like the only thing that you can feel right now. And then something appears that looks like, different from how these memories are represented. You see a panel, like this blue square, this illuminated panel that pops up immediately in front of you and there’s a flashing white vertical bar on it and you realize that it’s a text cursor, and then slowly it types out a word. It types out “Pizza.” Then, “Duck.” And then, “Run.” And as that happens you feel this electric shock at your neck and as soon as that happens the virtual space is just gone, it was being projected on this just like, this dome of light that as you regain your senses you realize was coming out of this thing that you had wrapped around your neck that has been short-circuited or something has sort of released you from that, whatever that virtual state is. And now you are just sort of standing in a room that is completely pitch black and you don’t really know where you are. What do you do?
Clint: Summon up a light cycle.
Griffin: Well- you’re not in the v-space anymore. [Justin laughing]
Clint: Okay, I thought we were in full Tron mode there. Um, okay. Would Ned have a cell phone?
Griffin: Um. I mean you’d have to give me some reason for a person to own a cell phone without being able to use cell service--
Travis: Maybe it’s an iPod touch.
Griffin: I’ll give you an iPod, I think an iPod makes sense.
Clint: Wait, wait! Or a Zune?
Justin: A Zune, a Zune.
Griffin: It’s a Zune, thank you, thank you.
Travis: Does a Zune have a flashlight on it?
Clint: No but it has an illuminated screen. [crosstalk]
Griffin: No but it’s got an illuminated screen, yeah, sure. Okay, what is the background? What’s your Zune background looking like?
Clint: It’s an aquarium thing. It’s like, you know, little seahorses.
Griffin: [Laughing] Is it stock? Is it stock that it came with?
Clint: Yeah, oh yeah.
Griffin: [amused] Love it, love it.
Clint: Ned can’t afford that.
Griffin: Yeah you can tell you’re just like in some sort of a small supply closet. There’s some cleaning supplies, there’s cobwebs like all over and you can also tell, like, looking at the ceiling that you’re under a set of stairs, it’s like a Harry Potter bedroom closet and that is where you are, and there is a door out of here that is closed.
Clint: I would say Ned would probably open the door.
Griffin: Okay, yeah! It opens just fine, it was not locked.
Clint: And doesn’t step through. Opens the door...
Griffin: You’re slicing the pie.
Clint: And just kinda peers around the corner.
Justin: [crosstalk] That’s a pie slice folks.
Travis: Slicing pie.
Griffin: Let’s start out by Reading A Bad Situation.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Because that’s what you’re doing, right? You’re looking out the door trying to get some info.
Clint: Right. Okay, that’s a fi-- a four. Plus...
Travis: You can’t see shit.
Justin: The rolls today...
Clint: Plus two, which is a six, which is still a failure.
Justin: [whispering into mic] Yowza, yowza, yowza.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Mark an experience.
Travis: You see your own death.
Griffin: [chuckling] You see-- yeah. Okay, failed roll, I get to make a hard move. Here’s what you get for free, you can see--
Clint: Well I mark an experience point first, right?
Griffin: You do mark experience, well done. I’ll tell you what you see, right? You’re not gonna get anything more sort of insightful than that, but I’ll tell you what you see. So, you are in, um, the door of this closet opens up into what appears to be the decrepit lobby of some sort of hotel or something. It is very, very dark all over here. The windows, the door, the exit up from this building have all been like, completely boarded up, so any light you’re getting is coming from the gaps in the panels, but you can see a few details immediately in front of you is a reception desk and you can see a back door leading to some sort of office there, and then in the lobby there’s a handful of toppled-over cobweb-covered pieces of furniture. There is like a long dormant fireplace there, there are stairs immediately above you, the stairs that were on top of this closet leading to the second floor and then to your left there is a hallway at the end of which you can see is a conference room. That is what you see. And the hard move is, there is a flash of light in the conference room and then you hear a humming. And you remember, it’s the same humming that you heard back in the morgue when the creature entered the room. It’s almost like a junction box on a summer day, how you can kinda hear the electrical wires you can hear this thing and you know that there is something in the conference room. So, what does Ned do? You have this hum that you know is the monster and it is in the conference room down the hallway, and there’s a few other areas that you could go, you know, check out or hide in or try to find an exit in. The world’s your oyster in this building that you can’t quite tell what it is.
Clint: I think Ned’s-- Ned’s natural stealth would give him the confidence to try to observe this conference room. I mean, Ned’s not sure anything on the second floor is gonna be any safer, and usually exits are on the first floor. I think Ned would sneak towards the conference room and maybe peek around the corner or try to find some way to sneak into the conference room and try to observe and find out more about this creature and where the hell he is.
Griffin: Okay, roll to ‘Investigate A Mystery’. Roll plus Sharp. You are-- I’m telling you now, you’re putting yourself in danger to do this.
Clint: I know.
Griffin: But if this is what Ned wants to do, this is what Ned wants to do.
Clint: It’s a nine, plus two, Sharp.
Griffin: An eleven. Okay so you get to ask two questions.
Clint: Alright. Um, what happened here?
Griffin: What happened here is the being has just stepped through the rift, or some being has stepped through the rift and now it is back in that light four-armed form with that cloud of particles following behind it. It has stepped through one of several rifts that are in this room. And when I say rifts, I don’t mean like, big open tunnels, you know, big open portals? Most of them are just sort of these crumpled up fissures in space time. Through a couple of them you can see certain scenes, I think you can definitely see one into the morgue which is where you just came out of, And, yeah, you see a few things. Also it’s worth pointing out, like, you have no idea how much time has passed since you were in that virtual space. I don’t want people thinking this action is necessarily happening at the same time. You see several rifts leading to different places. That is your first question; what’s your second?
Clint: What can hurt it?
Griffin: Okay, you see this thing, it doesn’t see you, and it is walking and it floats, I think, up on top of the table, just like, effortlessly. It’s not like, stuntin’, it’s just like, you know, the vertical axis has like, no bearing on this thing. And it is moving around and just kinda like, peeking through these rifts and trying to get some intel on what’s going on, and then it reaches backwards and touches its back and you see it jump with a start almost like it has touched something very very tender. And you remember that is where Aubrey stabbed it with her magical knife. And with that, after it yelps it kind of like, shakes its head, and as it does it sees a small, small aquarium scene with very small digital seahorses swimming around in it and also sees your big bearded face and it perches itself on the edge of the table and then dives, claws first, in your direction. [Theme music (The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy) plays]
