Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Leo: Minerva was talkin’ to us through, like a...a little, barely there, even, little wormhole that was sorta inside our brains?
Duck: Mm-hm.
Janelle: And this book, uh, you’ve just happened to find in the woods? This means “sacrifice” or “transaction”?
Aubrey: One of those is way worse than the other one!
Griffin: You see a figure laying in this bed? Like their entire body is just in this cocoon of light.
Aubrey: You know one last thing, Ned? Before you run, you might try to clean up a little bit of the mess you’ve made.
Ned: Why would you stir up a fight that’s going to destroy so many lives? That doesn’t make any sense!
Boyd: Not to you, obviously, it doesn’t make sense to the spider when you step on it, but some spiders need to be stepped on.
Clint: He pulls the trigger on the Narf Blaster.
Griffin: This figure just effortlessly throws Leo 10 feet through the air.
Griffin: We see Dr. Sara Drake, and then we hear a voice speaking to her
Minerva: Hello, Earth Scientist! I need to borrow your corporeal hands for a minute! [Amnesty theme song plays]
Griffin: Duck, you are facing down this being made out of this pure, white light. And it’s the same type of being that you have seen every time you have defeated an Abomination, only instead of sort of disintegrating into a peaceful mist, this one is remaining in this humanoid, four-armed form. And it is charging at you through the smoke of Leo’s sideways truck that more and more smoke seems to be pouring out of by the second. Near that, you see Leo’s form just sort of laying on the ground. He’s still breathing, you can see, but he was just sort of tossed that way by this light being, just seconds ago before it just sort of set its eyes on you. Um, also, in the distance, you see Dr. Sara Drake, who you had just gotten out of sort of the perimeter of the Greenbank Telescope, now you see her just like full-blown sprinting back in, back toward the satellite lab, and she seems to be moving with purpose, as you are facing off against this, uh, this four-armed monster, in the shadow of the Greenbank Telescope. What do you do?
Justin: Ummm...okay, is the monster between me—like, what is the monster between me and?
Griffin: Uh, it’s between you and Leo for sure, the truck I would say is like kind of to the left of you guys, and the telescope is—I mean, it’s enormous, but it’s generally to the right of you.
Justin: Okay, um...
Duck: Alright, listen, this is alright—
Justin: I’m addressing the monster—
Duck: It’s okay, you just gotta let go. I’ve been through this—a lot of um, monsters already, and you’re holding onto your—the Earth and life and everything, and it’s just—follow the light, man. Just go ahead and like, release, let go, man. [Clint and Travis laughing]
Clint: You’re trying to talk it into—
Duck: Shhhhhh, it’s okay, it’s alright, I’ve seen this happen, man, I know it feels weird, but you gotta be brave! And just know that there’s somethin’ better waitin’ for you, prolly.
Griffin: Uhh, I have set an unfortunate precedent that you can try to manipulate this particular Abomination—
Justin: Correct.
Griffin: This particular monster—
Justin: Correct.
Griffin: Unless you have some kind of normie move that you’re trying to bust out here...
Justin: No, I’m—I just kinda thought I’d be funny. [Clint and Griffin laughing]
Griffin: Uh, I mean, do you wanna try and, and, manipulate something—
Justin: No, that, that almost certain—now I am—I mean, that’s what I said. [Clint and Griffin laughing]
Justin: That’s what Duck’s reaction would be. That is in the—I am playing a role!
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And he probably has seen this—you said specifically—
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Twice now, that that’s what happens to monsters, so like. I’m just trying to get—tell it it’s okay, it’s to let go.
Griffin: Yeah, it’s not gonna—it’s not doing that. It is— it does not continue— it’s doing, like, It’s doing that Terminator, uh, liquid policeman walk, where it’s like, kind of slow at first, and now he is like, uh, you know, track-and-field sprinting at you.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Just for future reference, though, Griffin, how good a roll would someone have to do, to convince a monster to spontaneously die? [laughing]
Griffin: It would have to be—
Travis: Is that a 12? Is that a 13?
Griffin: You would have to roll a seven on one of the dice.
Travis: Okay. ‘Well, you make a great case, Duck. *dying noise*’ [laughing]
Justin: ‘Anyway, I’m goin’ to beef city—peace!’ [laughing]
Justin: Um. Yeah...
Travis: [crosstalk] ‘See you in Valhalla, Duck!’ [laughing]
Justin: I have no—yeah, I’m runnin’ for—I gotta go...Leo. I gotta get to Leo.
Griffin: Uh...okay. I mean, you are going to have to get around this— this being. Are you trying to do that with like an acrobatic move, or some sorta— are you juking him, what’s the— what’s the play here?
Justin: Yeah, I’ll try to like, run around him, use some of my, like Tony Hawk...
Griffin: Agility?
Justin: Agility, yeah.
Griffin: Alright, Act Under Pressure for me. Uh, that’s 2d6 plus Cool, and Duck Newton’s cool as hell!
Justin: Uh, 5 plus it doesn’t matter—
Griffin: It could—
Justin: 2.
Griffin: It could—yeah, that does matter.
Justin: It does, it does, it does, it does.
Griffin: That—that extremely matters because it gets it out of a fail state and into a mixed success. On a mixed success I give you a worse outcome, hard choice, or price to pay. Uh, you can get past, uh, this thing, but he is going to—it, I should say, is going to grab you, and when it grabs you, you are going to drop your sword, you are going to drop Beacon. That’s it, he tries to like grab you by the waist to try to, uh stop you, and he will, he will, uh, take Beacon from you, not to wield, but just to disarm you. Uh, but you will be able to make it through to Leo.
Justin: I mean, that’s what's happening, right?
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: It’s not like a choice, right?
Griffin: I guess that’s a good point. Then, yeah, this is a worse outcome, I guess. [laughing]
Justin: Yeah, right, okay, thank you. I now have like a vision of, ‘Oh man, he’s gonna take my sword! Shit!’ [laughing]
Travis: ‘Well if I do this, there’s only one thing that can happen!’
Justin: [crosstalk] ‘If I do this—’ It’s like an FMV game all of a sudden. [laughing]
Travis: It’s a game and you—were you dragon slayer, over there?
Justin: [crosstalk] ‘I’m out of time reversal cubes!’
Griffin: Okay, okay, you try to uh, uh, do some fancy footwork around this charging, four-armed light person, uh, and, I think you’re just not really running the math that they’re just raw, grabbing power, uh, with all of their arms, um, and you do manage to just, like, escape their, uh, clutches from three of the arms, but one of them grabs you by the belt, uh, which unfortunately is also your weapon, and uh, it just uh, it rips off—
Justin: My pants holder.
Griffin: Your pants are holding, ‘cuz you, I, y’know—
Travis: For now.
Griffin: For now they are holding. Uh, but your belt, you turn back, and you see that Beacon is in this thing’s hands, and it throws it down with, with anger, and starts just sorta marching towards, now you and Leo. But you have made it past this thing, what do you do?
Justin: How’d he get my fucking belt off?! [laughing]
Griffin: Let’s not think about the physics of it. [laughing]
Justin: Okay, alright.
Griffin: All your belt loops came flying off, they just snapped.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: But you know, if anyone is looking for an animatic, a slow-motion of a monster, like, pulling the belt out of the belt loops, would be a pretty great— [Clint starts “bow-chicka-bow-wow”ing]
Justin: Okay, so I’m at Leo—I’m to Leo.
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: Uh, I’m gonna try and help him to the relative safety of the telescope.
Griffin: Uh, okay! Uhhhh go ahead and—
Justin: I don’t know a better option than that. Um...
Griffin: No, I—we’ll give you that, I think, I think if you, uh—I think you can get him to the telescope, uh, there’s a thick sort of—
Justin: I can’t get him anywhere else, right?
Griffin: Right, right, right, right.
Justin: So like, I don’t love my odds going to the telescope, but I like them better than running in a field, and hoping that this monster quits.
Griffin: Yeah, sure, yeah, can’t catch up to you. You’re—you’re right next to the telescope, so I would say, like, you can get him into, like, the latticework that makes up the base that is holding up this enormous telescope—in fact, I don’t think you need to roll for that, you are right next to this thing, so you are able to kind of like, just roll him under there before the monster sort of crashes back into you. But now you are kind of in the same situation again—Leo is, I will say, fairly safe, for right now, because you definitely have this thing’s attention, only right now, you do not have your sword. What do you do?
Justin: I don’t have my jetpack, either, right? Boy that would go down smooth right now. [laughing]
Travis: Well, if I call to it—try calling to it!
Griffin: Well, your jetpack did come back to y’all at the end of the last arc, right? It came in, and it was a—a luck point sort of came in and made the jetpack come crashing into one of the goat men to stop them? So like, y’all definitely have the jetpack. If you can make a case for why Duck would have it, and not, like, Ned, or somebody else, and why Duck would bring it to this thing, I will give you the jetpack.
Justin: Did Leo bring it?
Griffin: ...Huh.
Justin: Would that have made sense? [someone claps in the background]
Griffin: Roll just a straight up-and-down 2d6.
Justin: Okay. Hold on, I’ve gotta...sorry.
Griffin: We’ve never done, like, a fate roll before.
Clint: Well, we did when we played Fate.
Justin: That’s true.
Griffin: Yeah, that’s true, we did a lot of fate rolls then.
Justin: Nine!
Griffin: Ahhh, uh ehhhhhhh. Uh, so that’s traditionally what is called a mixed success, uhhh. You see the jetpack, uh, and it is in the back of the delivery truck. You see the door of the delivery truck has, like, slid open, and a lot of the, like, there’s a lot of, like, groceries and stuff inside, but you also see the, the faint moonlight glint off of the surface of the jetpack. Since it is a mixed success, I will also say that the cab of the truck has now burst into flames, uh, which, there’s some gasoline on the ground, so those fires are starting to spread. But yeah, your jetpack’s in there, and you don’t know what all else could be in there, but since he brought the jetpack, there could be other stuff.
Justin: I’m gonna make a run for it, it’s the only chance I got.
Griffin: Uh, Act Under Pressure again. Uh, and I’ll let this one, y’know, ride, if you can—if you can make it—holy shit. Plus Cool!
Justin: That’s a five—you gotta say what the rolls are, Griffin.
Clint: Five.
Justin: You gotta, you gotta say what the number—thank you, daddy.
Griffin: That’s a five plus two—
Justin: Plus two, makes seven!
Griffin: That’s a mixed success. So a worse outcome, hard choice, or price to pay. This thing is right on top of you, so as you are about to do this, it’s gonna—it’s gonna get you. It’s gonna like hurt you. But you are going to be able to make it to the truck.
Justin: Okay. That’s fair, I can handle it.
Griffin: Um—
Justin: I can take a hit.
Griffin: This thing, uh, just like. Grabs on to you as you like try to make it past him. It like grabs onto your arm, uh, and yanks you backwards, and manages to like. Full-force punch you with one of its two arms on the other side, uh, and you just slam into the ground, uh. And you take, uh, you take two harm. Uh, but then you’re able to sort of like, scramble up, and as it reaches down for you again, it misses, and you make it to the truck and slide the door open, uh, and inside of there, you see, uh, the jetpack, and you also see the broadsword that you have, uh, seen, y’know, you’ve seen Leo using from time to time, especially when the two of you were kind of training to keep your skills as sharp as they could possibly be right now.
Justin: Uh, okay. I got. I have, uh, the backpack has three tags. It’s quick, it’s fragile, and it’s volatile. [Clint laughing]
Justin: Is the, is what the Flymaster has, those are the three tags, I wanna, uh—I wanna point it at the, uh, fluorescent Goro, the— [laughing]
Justin: The Floro, the Floro.
Griffin: Thank you.
Justin: And, uh, I’m gonna just, uh. Just blast the throttle.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And try to blow it to hell.
Griffin: Not wearing it, right? You’re just using it as a missile?
Justin: I’m not wearing it— I can’t be clear enough about this I’m never putting it on my human, fragile body—
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Ever ever again.
Travis: We all saw what happened to Ned.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: Um...okay. What kind of fucking roll would jetpack rocket launcher be?
Justin: It’s Kick Some Ass, baby. That’s all—
Griffin: Yeah, this is Kick Some Ass.
Justin: Straight up and down.
Griffin: Alright, let’s roll plus Tough.
Justin: Is...Is Duck tough?
Griffin: What’s with these fives, dog?
Justin: You know what? Fuck this. I need this to work. I’m spending a Luck point ‘cuz fuck this guy.
Griffin: Uhh okay. Uh, you—on a 10+ you deal harm to this thing and it deals harm to you—I’m gonna say that you are definitely outside of this thing’s like, uh, range of being able to do harm to you, so it’s not gonna like. It’s not gonna get you. Because you hit it with a fucking jetpack rocket. Uhhh so you do—
Clint: An exploding jetpack rocket.
Griffin: Uhhh no, this thing—I mean if this thing exploded, then Ned would be extremely, exquisitely dead right now. Uh, so it doesn’t—I—well—it doesn’t—it’s not gonna explode, but it is definitely going to fuck this thing up and like, comically take it on a—on a magic carpet ride. Uh, you get to choose an extra effect you gain the advantage and take +1 forward, you inflict terrible harm, you take less harm. I’m gonna say like the blunt force of this essentially rocket, that slams into this thing’s gut, it’s gonna do 3 harm to it, and uh, you get to choose an extra effect.
Justin: Um. I’m gonna—uh. I want it to just take off into the sky.
Griffin: Okay. That’s forcing them where you want them?
Justin: Yes. High. Up.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you—
Justin: North.
Griffin: You set off this ro—this jetpack, and it flies forward, and catches this being made out of light right in the gut, and it sails backwards for a while, and you think it’s about to like crash into the latticework, underneath the Greenbank telescope, but then like, almost like a cartoon, the trajectory just arcs upward, and you see it fly higher, and higher, and then it starts to arcs again, and now it starts to lose the hold it has on this being with just like, pure inertia, uh, and this four-armed being slips and falls quite some distance, you assume he’s probably gonna take some more harm from it, but it falls directly into the enormous dish of the Greenbank telescope. Uh, but it is well out of the way. As you see that, you also notice through the very very slim window looking into the satellite lab, you see Dr. Sara Drake, and she is illuminated by some sort of screen, and she is messing with some sort of machinery, and she is talking to, like, nobody. She’s having a conversation with nobody, uh, and as you look up, the satellite is starting to move. It is starting to change—change position. And as this thing is adjusting, Duck, you’ve had this sort of like ongoing headache as you’ve been close to this thing, now that it is changing where it is pointing, this headache is getting more and more powerful. [music fades in]
Griffin: And you also start to hear something as it is starting to get into position, you are hearing that acoustic blues tune again. And then you see through that window, the person talking to Dr. Sara Drake is the silhouette of Minerva. [“Interstellar Blues” swells and then fades out]
Griffin: Aubrey, you’re in the back of the truck that Jack Cool-ice is driving, and uh, Moira is in the back with you, the—the ghost friend from Amnesty Lodge. And they’re kind of like catching up with you on the situation? Pretty much everyone’s gone from Amnesty Lodge, uh, they are either sort of up at the archway, or trying to take cover somewhere, um, and they have seen like a ton of people from Kepler passing by Amnesty Lodge, and moving into the forest heading towards the archway, as “Ned” instructed them to do on TV. And Moira says—
Moira: Well, uh, Aubrey, my dear, it seems like. Well, I feel like things are finally catching up to us, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Y’know, we’re—we’re not done yet? Um...hey, yeah—Jake, hit the gas, please?
Griffin: Jake is flooring it, and he whips around the turn that leads off of the riverside road, and kind of up towards topside. And he is trying to get up there—there is traffic, like, and that’s weird, because there’s never traffic here in Kepler, and uh, Jake yells—
Jake: Yeah, Moira, stop being so doom and gloom! We got—we can—we’re the frickin’—Monster Squad—we can—is that what? We’re the Monster Squad, we can stop this!
Aubrey: That’s not—no. That’s a whole other thing—I’m pretty sure that’s an IP that we don’t own. [Clint laughing]
Aubrey: Y’know maybe—maybe we can—maybe we can handle this. Maybe—um—maybe you—listen, you know I resisted it, but maybe we can spin it. Maybe we can, y’know, acknowledge the truth? And, I don’t know, save the day, or whatever? We’ve done weirder things.
Jake: Sure.
Griffin: Um, I need you to make a straight up-and-down Tough roll.
Travis: Okay. Uh, seven. Plus—oh—no, whoa. I forgot, Aubrey’s not tough. Minus one, that’s a six.
Griffin: Um. I need you to take one Harm, and—ignoring your armor. Because—
Travis: Ohh boy—oh yeah, because I’m bleeding!
Griffin: You are bleeding. You have this—this jagged piece of wood that is still sticking out of your leg, and you have tried to dress it, but like. Unless you get some sort of—unless you get this thing out, and unless you like, get—get some help from somebody, uh, it’s gonna be—it’s gonna—it’s gonna keep getting worse. Um, and Jake is still driving up, and he goes—
Jake: So, uh, where we—where we goin’? Should we head to the archway and try and head everyone off, or—what’s up?
Travis: Uh, Aubrey looks at her leg, and says—
Aubrey: Yeah. The archway. Head to the archway.
Griffin: Okay, he heads to the archway.
Travis: I would like to try and Use Magic.
Griffin: Okay, as you are like in—still in the back of the car?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: So one of the aspects of Use Magic you can do is, um. To heal one Harm from an injury, uh, and I’m gonna try to do that.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And Aubrey closes her eyes, and puts her hand on her leg, and grabs the piece of wood, and thinks
Aubrey: Hey, magic? It’s me, Aubrey. Um, I would really like to not bleed to death, please.
Travis: And she pulls on the wood. Oh goodness, I think this is going to hurt real bad.
Griffin: Nope!
Travis: Uh, eight plus three, eleven.
Griffin: Yeah, things are going well. You’re down to like one Luck point, I think, so like—every roll for Aubrey is starting to get—
Travis: I have two Luck points, sir!
Griffin: Oh, oh, okay, okay, sorry, sorry, sorry. Okay! Yeah, that is a, um. That is a full success. Um, you pull it out. And it like—it fucking hurts, there’s no way it doesn’t. You don’t have the sort of—
Travis: I see it being like a shot, like, where suddenly the camera pulls way back and you see like a bunch of birds fly out of the woods around her, and she yells, and you’re like ‘whoa that was a loud yell!’
Griffin: Yeah, it’s not—it’s not magic anaesthetic.
Travis: No.
Griffin: You pull it out, um and you put your hand on it, and there is a sort of faint orange light that you see sort of spreading across your leg, that you can sort of see in the tear in your pants, um, and then when you pull your hand back, the wound is definitely still there, but seems to be fairly closed up, so remove one Harm and mark yourself as stable.
Travis: Sick.
Griffin: You pull up to the archway, and—you were—you’re not, like—there’s no roads, leading there, but you see Jake drive up to Amnesty Lodge, and, not being the most confident driver, he pauses for a second, and sort of surveys the situation, and then just keeps flooring it back into the woods, and is sort of doing his best to avoid the root systems that are poking up out of the ground, uh, but you all do eventually make it into the clearing where the archway is. And when you get there, it is indeed a crowded scene. Uh, you see, what looks like at first blush, just an army. And that might be a projection of your—your worries at this moment, because what you see is just a few dozen citizens of Kepler, who are all gathered in loose circles around the archway. And you can tell, just from the way that they are standing and where they are looking, that they can see it. They—they all know it is here, thanks to “Ned”’s announcement.
Travis: Do they seem, like, full-blown, like Frankenstein mob, kind of, like pitchforks and torches and shit?
Griffin: There’s weapons, right. There are—some of them are holding, like—it’s mostly household items, like some baseball bats and shovels? I’m gonna say that all the Hornets are armed, just ‘cuz that’s just how they do, and that’s what they’ve set up. Actually, I think one person, I think, um, lemme think—I think Eugene brought a literal pitchfork. Like, a literal pitchfork, which seems a little bit on the nose, and I think even he gets embarrassed about it and goes and like sets it down somewhere in the woods. Um, and—
Travis: Pees on it.
Griffin: Yeah. And I mean, there’s some guns, too. Like, uh, Agent Stern and Sheriff Owens are definitely armed, they seem to be having a conversation about something.
Travis: Oh yeah! Oh yeah, Agent Stern, oh yeah.
Griffin: A couple of the other folks here have, have y’know—some—a couple rifles, a couple shotguns. You see one rifle, and it is in the hands of Pigeon. Uh, Pigeon is here, with her rifle, and you also see that she is wearing a Hornet jacket, too.
Travis: What?!
Griffin: Which must have been a—you know, a fairly recent conversion.
Travis: I thought Pigeon was on our side!
Griffin: I mean, a few— y’know, seven months ago, maybe. Uh, and I think Muffy and Winthrop are here, and just sort of scoffing at anything and everyone.
Travis: Whose side are they on? Is anyone on—
Griffin: God’s. God’s.
Travis: Turns out they’re agents of god.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: So in all seriousness, is anyone on the side of the Lodge? Like, I assume Mama and Barclay are there, right?
Griffin: That is the other sort of armed person that you see, through the crowd, not looking at the archway, sitting in like a folding lawn chair, uh, is Mama. And she just has a sort of—a shotgun. Just a—her shotgun resting in her lap, and her head is tilted backward, and she’s kinda got her eyes closed, and Barclay’s standing behind her with a hand on the chair, and his face is just sort of locked in a grimace, and they are facing outward, toward the crowd. Um, that is what you see when you pull up, and I think Moira and Jake definitely just sort of like, run forward and start talking to—to Barclay.
Travis: I see.
Griffin: What do you do?
Travis: Do I see Hollis anywhere?
Griffin: Yeah, Hollis is definitely over with the Hornets, uh, and they are just like not taking their eyes off of the, uh, off the archway.
Travis: Okay, yeah, I think Aubrey’s gonna go to Hollis first.
Griffin: Okay. As—as soon as you get there, Hollis says, uh—
Hollis: I don’t get why you didn’t tell us about this, before—
Aubrey: Oh really?
Hollis: Yeah.
Aubrey: You don’t see how this might—oh, yeah, because everything’s going super calmly now. Oh, why would we not wanna tell this armed mob of people, about this thing, yeah, because you all took it so fucking well.
Hollis: Aubrey, if this is where the monsters that are killing us are coming from, then yeah, I think we have a right to know.
Aubrey: Okay, uh, Hollis? Lemme ask you something.
Hollis: Yeah?
Aubrey: Okay, on the other side of this portal— I’m gonna lay it out for you, alright, are you ready? One hundred percent honesty. On the other side of this portal is another world. Like, just, the same scope and size as ours, with a population of people, and— just like us. People just like us. Right? And, think about this. In—in, let’s say West Virginia alone, not even the whole world, the whole Earth, West Virginia alone, right? How many people do you think there is, a per capita ratio, that’s murderers to just regular people. Right? So what if somebody said ‘There are murderers in West Virginia, so we’re gonna march into West Virginia, and kill everyone there, because they might be murderers’?
Hollis: Um...
Aubrey: Right, so what if the only thing you knew about West Virginia, is that some murderers came from here, and you said ‘so let’s go in, and wipe everyone out.’
Hollis: If they were coming in and murdering my friends and family, then—
Aubrey: You would come in and wipe out the whole state, and murder innocent people, just in case they might be murderers—
Griffin: I think—
Aubrey: What does that make you, Hollis?
Griffin: Yeah, I think you’re trying to reason with Hollis, and I think it’s sound enough to roll Manipulate Someone, uh—the reason—the reason you’re—
Travis: [crosstalk] Hell yeah it’s sound, my dude. Oh.
Griffin: Ohh no.
Travis: No.
Clint: Norp. It’s a three!
Travis: It’s a three plus ooooone! Four.
Griffin: That’s a failure. Uh, I think, uh, Hollis just sort of like, rolls their eyes, and turns—
Travis: I just wanna say I, Travis McElroy, stand by that argument.
Griffin: Sure, sure, sure.
Clint: [crosstalk] It’s a great—I’m compelled!
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: Uhh...yeah—this—Hollis makes it very clear that this conversation is over, and turns their back to you.
Aubrey: What about you, Keith? Huh? [Clint laughing]
Griffin: Keith—with this—with this hard failure, Keith looks super pissed off at you for hiding this from him, and Keith says—
Keith: So the, um—the vampire thing that attacked us, you know the truth about that, too, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Okay, fuck off, Keith.
Travis: And Aubrey goes to look for Agent Stern. [laughing]
Justin: Classic Keith.
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Clint: [crosstalk] That is—
Griffin: You find Agent Stern and Sheriff Owens sort of talking, patrolling the crowd, looking kind of—fairly nervous? Uh, they seem fairly comfortable together, you get the idea that like, they have the essentially Twin Peaks dynamic, uh, between Agent Cooper and, um—oh, shit, Justin, who was the sheriff?
Justin: The sheriff on Twin Peaks?
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Aw, man, you asked me too quick! Oh no!
Griffin: [crosstalk] Oh shit!
Travis: Oh no, none of us can remember!
Clint: [crosstalk] Ontkean! Michael Ontkean!
Justin: I’m just kinda—no no no no, hold on, wait, Harry S. Truman!
Griffin: Harry S. Truman, duh. [general murmurs and sounds of agreement]
Griffin: Yeah, they sorta have that dynamic, um, and you sorta walk in on their conversation, and you hear Agent Stern say—
Agent Stern: Do you need any help, um, diffusing this situation, Sheriff?
Griffin: And you hear Owens say—
Sheriff Owens: Uh, well as I see it, this thing is either gonna end with nothin’ happenin’, and folks runnin’ Ned out of town on a rail, or somethin’ happenin’, in which case an alien world is attacking ours, and I wouldn’t mind having folks watchin’ out if that happens, so, uh...
Griffin: And then they notice you come up, and, um, Agent Stern says—
Agent Stern: Aubrey, um. It’s—it’s good to see you, are you doing okay?
Aubrey: You—y’know what? No? I’m just gonna go ahead and say ‘no’ to that one, because, I would argue— Sheriff, if I may, no disrespect— there is a third option that you’re not considering, which is that we are the alien world, about to attack them.
Justin: What if we’re the aliens?
Travis: Oh my shit you’re riiiight.
Justin: Daaaaamn.
Travis: What if God was one of us? Just a slob like one one of us?
Clint: [crosstalk] And that’s where the show ends.
Griffin: Here’s what I’m gonna say with that one sentence, you see Sheriff Owens just kind of like almost have the exact same reaction as Hollis, uh, Sheriff Owens like rolls his eyes, and—and sighs, uh, and turns his eyes just for a second away from you back toward the crowd. Agent Stern— you— I don’t think you know a lot about Agent Stern, despite the fact that you all have, uh, y’know spent months together now in Amnesty Lodge, but you get the idea that Agent Stern thinks about stuff like this all the time. You get the idea that Agent Stern runs these possibilities, like the math of them, just all the time. And so you see him actually take a beat, uh, to what you say, just with that one sentence—also, he sort of recognizes you acknowledging the truth of this matter, and I think he also knew that you were plugged into this whole thing, so like the fact that you are acknowledging it is also a big deal? So I will say, like—roll Manipulate Someone—
Travis: [crosstalk] Okay.
Griffin: And it is—with this one sentence—
Travis: Fuck me.
Griffin: That is a—that’s a snake eyes.
Travis: [crosstalk] That’s a two! That’s a two!
Griffin: Yeah, no. Agent Stern looks at you, and for a second he looks sympathetic, and then he says
Agent Stern: Aubrey, I am this close to finding out what’s happening here in Kepler, and it is my job—it is my sworn duty to keep our country safe, and if this is where I need to be to stop that, then—I—I’m afraid I just can’t agree with you. Sorry, gimme—gimme a second.
Griffin: And he sees that like the Hornets are starting to get a little bit rowdy, and so he walks over to try and calm them down.
Travis: Okay, uh, time to get to Mama and Barclay, I guess.
Griffin: Okay, uh. Yeah, Mama is like almost dozing, and Barclay, kind of like rouses her as you come close, and Mama says—
Mama: Well, Aubrey, you—uh, you’re officially, I guess, relieved of duty. Thanks for all the hard work, but it seems like we’re about to wrap things up here, so, um—
Aubrey: No! Well, y’know, think of this like a business, Mama, like we’re about to go public. Y’know what I mean? We—we—we owned it privately before, and now, I think we just need to sell some shares. We need to get everybody bought in, even if it’s one by one, we just need people to understand. If we can make them understand, then... our organization is just gonna grow.
Griffin: Mama says
Mama: Aubrey, if we had months to do that, if we had months to put together a sort of, um—a—a peace—peace—a—a communion of souls, a blessed union of souls across our two planets, get together to form up a treaty, maybe it would work.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Mm-hm. Yeah. Mm-hm.
Mama: We got about [blows raspberry] twenty minutes? Before this gate opens up and war begins, so I think it may w—...Aubrey.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Mama: You can get over there even when the moon’s not out, right?
Aubrey: Yeah?
Mama: You could go in and warn them, you could go in and tell ‘em what’s about to happen.
Aubrey: Aw, shit, but then we’d have—
Mama: I mean it could be— you— you don’t have to rile ‘em up, and get ‘em all armed and ready to fight, but Aubrey they need to know—it is only fair, it is only moral, that they know what could possibly happen to them right now. [music starts]
Aubrey: Okay, listen—Mama, Barclay. Whatever you do. Don’t. Let them. Through. The gate.
Travis: And Aubrey takes off sprinting through the gate.
Griffin: Uh, it lights up for a second, and you run through it, and everybody in this crowd watches you run through one end of this stone archway, and not come out the other end.
Travis: As she goes through she flips everyone off. [Clint laughing]
Griffin: Uh—and I mean there was—there’s no way—
Travis: That’s canon. That’s not a joke, she does that.
Griffin: Cool, there’s no distraction, there’s no, like. Uh, there’s—there’s no way everyone didn’t see this. And with that I think everybody—
Travis: [crosstalk] Good luck following me, assholes!
Griffin: It—it immediately shuts off behind you, that’s not the danger, but immediately everybody sort of realizes ‘Oh shit. Ned may have been right.’ [music swells and fades]
Griffin: Ned, you are in the Cryptonomica, and, uh, the sun has gone down, the faint light that was sort of coming in through the shutters has—has faded entirely, leaving you alone in your place of business, um, and I will say it is kind of a mess in here, because you just full-blown Ghostbuster’d this big, uh, shapeshifting monster, that sorta Akira’d out as you were blasting him backwards through a rift he managed to escape through, uh, and that commotion’s now over, and now it’s just you, alone, in the dark, in the Cryptonomica. What are you doing?
Clint: [crosstalk] How long—how long after the—the creature’s escape is this?
Griffin: Seconds after, I’m gonna say? Like, okay, we see papers actually floating through the air, and slowly sort of sliding down to the ground. It is—it is that soon after.
Clint: Okay. Um...I think Ned sits there for a few seconds, and is really thinking, because he’s...he was planning on leavin’, he was plannin’ on doing exactly what Aubrey said, get out of town, leave everybody alone, and, y’know, never be seen again. And I really think he was doing that, I think he was packin’ up what few things he had left. Um, and I think he—he’s really torn now, but he doesn’t know what else to do, um, so he heads back to the general area where he’s gonna start pickin’ up, and um, happens to pass by some monitors that Kirby used, um, with the camera drones, because if you remember, four or five episodes ago—or maybe it was just two or three—he asked Kirby to use those camera drones to kind of follow the, uh, the Hornets?
Griffin: Oh yeah, you are fully plugged in with your surveillance stuff.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: For sure.
Clint: And, I think he uh, he walks past those, looks down, and the drone is hovering over the scene where— the scene at the arch, and he has just seen all of that happen, and— and realizes that a big part of this is his fault, and I think it motivates him to screw his ideas of trying to flee, and he heads out to the Cryptonomica van, and he’s gonna drive to the— to the arch, gonna drive to the clearing.
Griffin: Okay, you follow the same route that the—that Mama’s truck just drove, and uh, again, like you get stuck in traffic on your way up that—that hairpin turn, but you make your way up the mountain, and to Amnesty Lodge—and again, you see Amnesty Lodge is like completely empty. Completely—the—the—the—it is the first time you have ever seen this place completely darkened, with like, no life inside of it whatsoever. And I don’t like know how sentimental you feel about it, but I think for anybody who spent time there, it is a—it is a sad sight, because that is sort of not what Amnesty Lodge is all about, um, but you manage to, uh, make it past it, and drive your truck up to the crowd. As you approach, you see Mama’s truck parked, and so you pull up the van sort of immediately behind it, and you see the same crowd, um, that I discussed earlier, you see the Hornets getting all riled up, and it is darker now, than it just was, in the last scene, you see Agent Stern trying to calm them down, and you see—sort of all the familiar faces around here, only this time, when you push into the crowd, a lot of the people here, who have just seen Aubrey disappear through the gate, they stop talking now, because you’re here now. Because you are here, and you are the one who said ‘come here armed, and join me in the glorious fight against these people’, you’re here now, and they all turn towards you, and they are all, uh, just silent. Except for Mama, who definitely looks over at you, and uh, she just starts kinda like, laughing a little bit, as you appear. What do you do?
Clint: I think Ned would climb up on top of the Cryptonomica van.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: And say—
Ned: Good! Good job! Friends! You have mobilized! You have armed yourselves, and you are ready for the terrible conflict that is about to come, I am so proud of you! I am so pleased that all of you have risen to this challenge. Here’s the thing!
Griffin: As you—as you’re giving your speech, you see Barclay sort of like, marching towards the van, not sure what you’re doing.
Ned: Here’s the thing! Um. I have gotten some new intel— as you know, my Cryptonomica van is loaded up with equipment, loaded up—
Larry: Nobody knows— nobody knows that! How would we know that?!
Ned: I’m telling you! You trusted me to come here, didn’t you?! Who was that?! Was that Larry?! Anyway—
Larry: N-no.
Ned: It was you, Larry. Anyway! I have gotten intel on my equipment that the— the creatures are trying to pull the classic flanking maneuver, and are planning on attacking, uh, out at the giant satellite dish! We must go immediately there, take all of our forces, and prepare ourselves to fight off these fiends, these evil creatures! Will you follow me one more time, into battle, on again, once more, dear friends, into the breach, onward, to the giant satellite dish!
Clint: And I already know you want me to roll 2d6.
Griffin: Uh, this would be a Manipulate Someone, yes—I am also going to say, like—we are playing a game where you all get to decide what happens with the roll of dice? These people just saw a woman run through this magic gate and disappear, so like. Keep that in mind as you are trying to pull them off to go somewhere else. That is the—that is the information you are sort of fighting against.
Clint: Mmkay. Uhh, let’s see—and what will this—what will I add to this?
Griffin: Uh, this is plus Charm. Which you are good at.
Clint: Plus Charm. Alright, I think I have plus two, plus—alright, here we go. It’s a seven plus two, a nine.
Griffin: I think a few folks are convinced. I think some people are convinced—I—here’s the biggest, I think most important thing that happens, uh, I think Hollis looks up at you, and then they sort of turn over to Keith, and uh, they have a very brief conversation, and then Hollis snaps, and uh, the Hornets sort of like, pedal up next to, uh—next to them, and Hollis gives some orders, and you see about half of the Hornets peel off into—past the—through—through the woods in the opposite direction, uh, heading up toward, uh—toward Greenbank. Which is quite, y’know, is kind of a drive away, but—and a few other people leave, too, I think, uh, Muffy and Winthrop take off, too. Uh, Eugene—actually, when you mention the Greenbank Telescope, Eugene looks horrified, Eugene looks absolutely, out of his mind, terrified, and he just takes off. I think—I think you thin out the crowd, definitely, but not enough to—you don’t get everybody to take off. And with that, I think Sheriff Owens is definitely walking in this direction, but Barclay has reached the truck, and he says—
Barclay: Ned, am I gonna have to, like, fight you, because I don’t want to, but holy shit, man.
Ned: [muttered] I—do you not see what I just did?
Barclay: I—I see what you—yeah I see what you—
Ned: [crosstalk] I just—I got rid of like, a third of the people that were waiting here to wipe out everybody!
Barclay: I— but you made this bed!
Ned: I didn’t make this—that was not me on television, it was whatever this bom-bom is that can assume forms— why in god’s name— I know I got a big mouth, but I would never do that, why would I mobilize an army, think about it, will ya?!
Barclay: You need to come talk to Mama, Ned. If we’re— if we’re gonna try and figure this thing out together, you need to explain, exactly what’s happening with Mama— I know that you all are capable, but she has been at this a long time. We have never been this close to annihilation before, we’re going to need to work together on this.
Ned: I—fine, great! Let’s go talk to her!
Griffin: Uh, the two of you walk up to Mama, and, uh, she’s still kind of laughing at your speech, and she says—
Mama: That was convincing as hell, Ned Chicane.
Ned: Well, apparently not enough.
Mama: I mean, you got some folks to peel off, you can feel good about that, the war won’t have as many sort of immediate casualties— that wasn’t you on TV, was it?
Ned: No, it was not me, thank you, thank you for knowing.
Mama: Did you steal my statue, Ned?
Ned: ...Yes. I stole your statue. I stole the statue, I stole the necklace, I’m a stealin’ guy, okay?!
Mama: So kinda, like, breaking even on the, like, karmic scale, you think?
Ned: I don’t— no, no, I still think I’m on the negative side of the karmic scale, but— let’s— look, we’re wasting time, we’ve got to do something— why does nobody act quickly in this game?! Yes, I stole all this shit, I’m a bad dude, let’s get on with it and punish me later!
Mama: [slowly] What is going on, Ned?
Ned: There is some kind of creature that can assume forms. This creature has been trying to make this war happen. I think. Apparently, I’m just a thief, and not much of a thinkin’ guy— boy I’m really running into trouble there— but— but this creature is trying to instigate a war between the two sides. I don’t know why, they’re just kinda shitty, and they are— they’ve set out to do this by imitating people, attacking, and pitting both sides against each other. They have made you guys look like— or the people on the other side in Sylvain, as some kinda monsters, you need to figure out who would benefit from that! Motive, it’s all about motive.
Mama: Ned, knowing what we know now, I am worried that, um, we don’t have time to figure that out. [music starts]
Griffin: And she gestures out to the crowd, and at first you think she is talking about this army that is surrounding you, but you actually notice something that was not here a second ago. Um, up against a tree, sort of actually hovering a bit off the ground, you see that, like, white light sarcophagus, that you saw when you were abducted and taken to the hotel. Uh, you see this—this floating, white sarcophagus that is there, and the crowd, I think, parts, and you hear gasps as people turn to look at this thing, this—this just monolith, staring at all of you, here in the middle of the clearing. [music swells and fades] [Ad break] [Amnesty Theme swells and fades out]
Griffin: Duck, you see— you see Minerva, in the obser— in the satellite lab, and she looks up from a computer, and smiles, and then you hear, uh, actually from behind you, you hear—
Minerva: Hello, Duck Newton! It seems like you’ve kept up with your training, with your strong, muscular legs. [laughing]
Minerva: Tone and definition is so important, Duck Newton!
Duck: Where the fuck have you been?
Minerva: I have been— well, for a while, buried under a pile of rubble. A considerable pile, Duck Newton. Uh, but I am big and strong, as you can tell from my projected silhouette, so I managed to get myself out of that situa— Duck, it is a complicated story, and I do not have enough time to tell it.
Duck: God, it’s so fucking good to see you.
Minerva: It’s good to see you, too, Duck Newton. Now— I need you to start climbing. Immediately.
Duck: You see Endgame?
Minerva: What?
Duck: You see Endgame? I didn’t know how much free time—
Minerva: [crosstalk] I don’t know—
Duck: [crosstalk] You’ve been away for a while, so I didn’t know—
Minerva: I don’t know what you’re talking about, Duck Newton, but every—
Duck: I dunno—
Minerva: Every question you ask me about pop culture, I’m assuming, is a second you are spending not climbing.
Travis: Okay, but did she see Endgame, Griffin?
Justin: Okay, she’s— I’m climbing.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Uh—
Clint: [crosstalk] I still wanna know her opinion—
Travis: [crosstalk] I—y’know I—yeah, I, Travis, will ask, out of character—
Griffin: She did, yeah. On, uh— on her planet, which I believe we titled Miraloviniax Orbital Body 5, I—they get all the Marvel movies, like, three month early.
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh shit!
Justin: [crosstalk] Yeah.
Griffin: It’s sort of— yeah, they do a soft launch there.
Travis: What’d she think?
Griffin: Uhh—it’s—it—it was a little convoluted for her taste. Okay, uh—
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh no, oh. [laughing]
Griffin: Uh, Duck, why don’t you, uh, Act Under Pressure?
Justin: Damn. Uh, six.
Griffin: Okay, with—
Justin: [crosstalk] These rolls!
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah, uh, you start climb—
Justin: These rolls are beefed.
Travis: I’m about to level up again!
Griffin: Oh yeah, mark experience, uh, for all— there have been...Jesus, there have been one, two, three, four, five, six failures just in this one episode. Um, you start climbing up the latticework, uh, underneath the satellite, underneath the Greenbank Telescope, and it is— it is high up.
Justin: I started climbing before I thought about it— I’m trying to get to the thing?
Griffin: Yeah you’re— you’re— it— I mean, you don’t know, Minerva just told you to climb.
Justin: [crosstalk] Damn, alright— oh, I fully, by the way, fully got the broadsword, one hundred percent, as well— I hope that’s obvious, but I did get it.
Travis: And I—I assume you picked up Beacon, right? Because he was just laying on the ground after you blasted [unintelligible] away.
Justin: Was—was he laying on the ground?
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah, he was still—he was laying on the ground.
Justin: Okay, I grab Beacon, too.
Griffin: Okay, uh, you climbed about ten feet up, and then your weak, human arms gave out, and you just fall to the ground, and you take one harm. And Minerva says—
Minerva: Maybe I was wrong about your tone and definition. Are you going to be able to do this?
Duck: Well, um...yeah? Yeah. Uh, yeah! Yeah! Hold on...yeah. I’m gonna— fuck, I don’t know, Minerva, shit! Look at me! I’m like a fuckin’ postal worker, a gym teacher— I’m— I— I mean, I’m just a regular dude!
Minerva: Duck Newton, I have known you obviously off and on for some years now, and even when we were apart, even before you were my ward, you were never a “normal dude.”
Griffin: And she extends a— a holographic hand down in your direction.
Justin: And I grab it and it— I phase through it.
Griffin: [crosstalk] It just passes right through it.
Justin: It passes right through it.
Minerva: It’s a symbolic gesture. Duck Newton, you can do this.
Justin: Alright, I pull out Beacon, and—
Beacon: Ah, finally, it’s time for battle—
Duck: Nope! Time to climb, idiot!
Justin: And I whip Beacon up— ahead— above me, and I start climbing again.
Griffin: Okay. Roll Act Under Pressure.
Justin: This time. With advantage. Because I used Beacon.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, I think actually— yeah— we don’t— I don’t think we’ve done this before, but I think narratively it makes sense, you are climbing with a tool that is assisting you. I think go ahead and roll, uh with advantage, which in Apocalypse World traditionally means roll 3d6 and you take the highest two dice.
Justin: Okay. Uhh—
Griffin: [crosstalk] Jesus Christ!
Justin: [crosstalk] That’s a twelve. Plus one.
Griffin: [crosstalk] That is— 5, 6, 6, is what Justin just rolled, that is extremely good. Uh, yeah, using this method, you, uh, whip the chains, that— that make up, uh, the sort of midsection of Beacon upward, and he extends, y’know, however many feet long Beacon is, and whips around—
Justin: [crosstalk] It’s not actually chains. Just, it’s like—flexible metal—
Griffin: [crosstalk] Flexible metal, that’s fine— yeah, then it sort of spools—
Justin: I just don’t want the fanart of the series—
Griffin: Sure. I was— I was imagining sort of like Ivy’s sword from Soulcalibur, if you remember that?
Justin: It’s more like, uh, if you Google an urumi, which is like an ancient— an ancient sort of Indian weapon?
Griffin: Oh, okay— oh yeah, I remember when you were sort of talking about that as the concept. Um, okay, ye ah, then you see, like, the metal of, uh— that makes up the tip of Beacon, just coil around the latticework, and it sort of flexes, and swings you upward, and it is a weird, clumsy Spiderman climb, but you, like, fairly effortlessly, uh, whip yourself up, and uh, into the dish, and while you are up there, you see this being, made out of light, with the four hands, uh, and, it is grabbing onto the base of the antenna at the center of the telescope. Uh, and now you see Minerva again, and she is, y’know, projected right next to you, and she says—
Minerva: Duck Newton, what is about to happen is going to be pretty wild, I’m not going to lie to you. [laughing]
Minerva: But it’s—it’s not going to happen if that thing gets what it wants and destroys the Greenbank Telescope. I need you to stop it, please. [“Interstellar Blues” by Griffin McElroy starts]
Duck: Alright, Minerva, alright. I’ll just... stop it.
Minerva: Use your sword, Duck Newton, to stab and hurt it. We talked about this. [laughing]
Duck: Alright— man, I have missed your tutelage.
Minerva: It’s like Sword Strategy number 1.
Justin: I take Beacon in one hand, and the broadsword in the other, and I’m like— [intermittent giggling from Clint and Travis]
Duck: Hey! Hey stupid! It’s me, Duck Newton! Local beefcake.  [“Interstellar Blues” intensifies] And I’m gonna kill you with these— believe it or not, as unlikely as it may seem.
Justin: And I sorta idly spin them in my hands.
Duck: I know I sound about as convincing as— well, I probably, sound to you, uh— uh, but, y’know, I’m— I’m all out of options. I threw my cool jetpack at ya, my friend hit you with a truck, so here’s my cool new thing, okay? I’m gonna stab you, until you die, with my two swords.
Justin: And I kick its ass!
Griffin: Yeah, we see you just running on the dish of this telescope towards the antenna at the center, while it is still moving into position, so you’re kind of sliding towards this thing with swords drawn, uh, and roll to Kick Some Ass.
Justin: Oh yeah!
Clint: Yeah, there we go!
Justin: That’s a ten.
Griffin: That is a ten. Uh, you are sliding towards this thing with swords drawn, and as you are getting closer and closer to this antenna, and as the dish itself is moving, that headache that you’ve had since you’ve been like, kind of close to this thing, has gotten worse, it is getting more and more painful, but that is not breaking your stride as you charge into this thing with two swords, and you deal—well, what is Beacon’s harm?
Justin: 2 harm. Innocuous, messy.
Griffin: Okay, uh—you deal four harm, because you are holding two swords. That’s the only way I can think that this would play out, mathematically. What do you—what do you do, like what does this attack look like when you finally collide with it?
Justin: It’s—it’s messy. I just, like—I feel like I swing the broadsword with all my strength, and it just kind of chunks into it, and it just pisses me off more, and I swing with the other—with Beacon, and like coil Beacon out, and recoil, and cut a chunk off. It’s messy, I’m just hacking at it, I—there’s no finesse, or grace, I’m just trying to kill it with these two swords.
Griffin: Alright, uh, with a 10+, you get to choose an extra effect you take the advantage, you inflict terrible harm, you suffer less harm, or you force them where you want ‘em. [“Interstellar Blues” fades out]
Justin: Umm...I got a cool place that I think I’d love it to check out, and that’s off the telescope, and on the ground.
Griffin: I— I gotta— it is— you are at the center of the telescope, and it is a 100-foot-wide—perhaps 100-meter-wide, I did not remember, so that would be, one fuckin’ hell of a 300 kick, so I— I—
Justin: [crosstalk] Okay.
Griffin: As much as I would love to make that happen, it is not gonna happen.
Justin: Uhh you’re right, okay, so what— gimme my options again?
Griffin: Uh, do more harm, suffer less harm, take a +1 advantage on your next roll, or force them where you want ‘em.
Justin: I think just terrible harm.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah—
Justin: [crosstalk] It’s like— I’m just brutalizing it.
Griffin: Uh, you— you chop into this thing with both swords—
Justin: And how much harm did I take?
Griffin: Uh, well, that’s the thing. As you are sort of slashing away at it, it is— it finally sort of like gets the swords stuck in two of its arms, and manages to grab you by the throat with one of its arms, and it just squeezes, and chucks you backwards, and you land on your feet. Uh, and it deals two harm? But you actually feel like maybe it didn’t? [Justin laughs.] You feel a bit more hale and hearty than you expected to. Uh, and the telescope stops moving. And both you and this creature I think lose your footing for a second, and now it is leaning up against the base of the antenna, and it is kind of shuddering? It looks like it is just, like glitching out? And then your headache, Duck, it gets so painful, and you see Minerva now, and she is right in front of you between you and the monster, and she says—
Minerva: Duck Newton? This is going to hurt a whole bunch. Are you ready?
Duck: ...Yeah.
Griffin: You hear that song now, and it is like you are in a room where you’re seeing it in concert it is so loud, and that pain in your head it passes the point of human comprehension, and then suddenly, you feel a sensation that no other living human has ever experienced. Your sight vanishes, just instantly, as this flash of pain just splits your mind in two, and you feel this feeling like, growing and buzzing now, and moving, this pain is moving, it’s stretching outward, out from your forehead, and then just like that, it is gone. And your vision returns. And you see hovering just in front of you, like a small hole that is floating in the sky. And this four-armed being looks at it like, curiously, its head, like, cocks to the side, and then it sort of takes a step backward into the antenna with clear alarm. And then it is thrown back as you are by this beam of piercing green light that bursts downwards through the clouds above, [music, “Interstellar Blues” remix, starts] into the antenna of the telescope. Uh and this hole that just came out of you, it is crackling with this green energy, and it’s expanding, and through that hole, Duck, you see something. [“Interstellar Blues” changes into another song]
Griffin: You see a vision of these ruins, of these like toppled pillars, and collapsed walls, and these like obliterated pieces of large, inscrutable machinery, all of which are completely dormant, except for one, and in front of that device you see a shadow approaching, faster and faster, and then... she leaps, and...she’s here. She’s holding this massive, two-handed sword with both hands, and she’s careening through the air before sliding to a perfect halt on these two, large, wooden sandals, and then she looks back over her shoulder at you, her real, tangible shoulder, and she says—
Minerva: Thanks for the lift, Duck Newton!
Duck: I— I had it. [music swells and then fades]
Griffin: Aubrey.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: You pass—
Travis: [crosstalk] I— I— I’m on pins and needles, Griffin!
Griffin: Yeah, you— you pass through this— y’know, the tunnel of white light that you always enter through as you— as you pass through the gates, and you step foot in Sylvain, and immediately you can just tell that something is just like— something is wrong. Um, there— there is like— there is a storm brewing outside, which is strange, you have only seen a clear, dark sky every time you have come here, um, and you notice that like that storm isn’t necessarily all up in the sky, it seems like the storm is just everywhere outside of the walls of the city, um, it is— it is frightening to say the least. And then you see like another frightening thing immediately in front of you. As you step through the gate, spears are immediately just like at your throat, and they are held by these two guards, who, I think when they see who you are, uh, Vincent sort of taps one of them on the shoulder, uh, and they pull their spears back, and now you sort of have time to survey what’s going on here. There are—you get the idea, like, maybe every living Sylvan, at this point, is standing around the gate, and among them, you see—you see Vincent, and you see Woodbridge, who’s another one of, like, the ministers who take care of the place, and then you see Janelle. And Janelle is wearing this, um, what looks like a ceremonial robe, and she’s not alone, there’s like, there’s a half dozen other robed Sylvans, uh, all standing in a half circle around the gate, and they are all, like, checking their belongings, they seem to be, like, preparing for something, and then you see a lot of guards, you see a lot of guards arranged in a formation around the gate, and leading back into town. And, um, as Vincent has his guards pull their weapons away, he says—
Vincent: Aubrey...Aubrey, what are you doing here, this— what are you doing here, Aubrey?
Aubrey: What are you doing here?
Vincent: Is this a— is this a retaliatory—
Griffin: And as he says that, Woodbridge like, comes up and just hits him from behind, and Vincent looks back and looks like he’s about to hit him right back, uh, but he calms himself, and says—
Vincent: Aubrey, this is...this is not a good time.
Griffin: And, uh, just then—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Yeah, no fuckin’ duh, Vince!
Griffin: And just then, like, as you yell that out, Janelle realizes you’re there, and she is sort of aghast. And she walks up to you and says—
Janelle: Aubrey, are you...are you okay, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Wow, y’know, that’s a really big question, considering, Janelle, so, um, lemme run down, real quick, alright, you ready? Deep breath—*gasp*—there’s a whole bunch of people on the other side of our gate because something that’s a shapeshifter that seems to be made out of light told everyone while it was in the form of Ned that there was a gate here and there are monsters here, also I just got my necklace back from Ned, and it turns out that Ned might have been a part of my mom dying when I was young, and also, you’re doing this whole army thing on this side, too, so it’s really—there’s a lot happening.
Griffin: Uh—immediately—like, as you are giving that, several groups start, like, there’s a lot of movement that sort of goes in waves. As you mention the army on the other side, that actually catches everyone by surprise. That actually shocks just about everybody here, and immediately Vincent turns back toward the officers here, and you see him pull aside, like a few, you high-ranking people to start formulating, you guess, a new plan. Woodbridge also sort of like springs into action and starts talking to Janelle. Like, they are, listening to your conversation, but they all are also sort of reacting to it in a panic. And Janelle is protesting something with Woodbridge and then, uh, she turns and sort of nods her head, and walks over to her and says—walks over to you, and, uh, Janelle says—
Janelle: Is it too late to stop them, Aubrey?
Aubrey: No! Not at all! They—like—it’s not—listen, it’s not a real army it’s all the people from the town on the other side of here, and they’re scared. Like, people have died, we’ve had the Abominations come across, and if anything, they’re more scared than angry, but that’s...maybe worse? But it’s not too late. We—we can fix this. We just need...I don’t know, ideas? Wait, hold on—what’s going on over here? If you didn’t know about them, why are you all guarding the gate?
Griffin: There is a—a rumbling of thunder in the distance, and it sends a shiver up Janelle’s spine, and she looks at you and she smiles, and she says—
Janelle: Do you believe in... [sighs] fate?
Aubrey: Sure?
Janelle: Here’s what I think, Aubrey I think you were sent to me, for a reason. And... I don’t know what that reason is, but I believe in it. And I— I haven’t believed in something like that since I watched the heart of my planet shatter. And I think you... have done your part, to always think about us. To always try and save us. And now, Aubrey. Now, it is my turn.
Griffin: And she vanishes. And one by one, those robed Sylvans that were with her, they all vanish as well, um, and then you are pushed aside by some unseen force, and just for a second, the gate flashes, and then goes dormant again.
Travis: What?
Griffin: [crosstalk] And—
Travis: [crosstalk] What?
Griffin: And— with that, Woodbridge, says—
Woodbridge: Vincent, as Minister of Preservation, I am claiming absolute authority over this mission. For the continued survival of your people, you will detain Miss Little until Janelle has returned having completed her quest.
Griffin: And Vincent nods, and the squirrel—
Travis: [crosstalk] Aubrey starts running.
Griffin: Uh, the squirrel guard definitely like, gets spears crossed—across the gate as you get there, and Vincent says—
Vincent: Aubrey, please, just stay with us, just—just for a little while, I’m begging you.
Travis: Aubrey runs towards theeeeee crystal!
Griffin: Hm. Okay. I mean, it’s some ways away.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay, I think to—to sort of break through the guards here, uh, I think you’re going to have to, uh, roll to—I don’t—I—I—I think it’s Act Under Pressure no matter what, right? This is a— this is what that roll is made for, I think.
Travis: Let’s see.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: [crosstalk] A nine?
Griffin: [crosstalk] Plus?
Travis: [crosstalk] Plus zero.
Griffin: Plus zero, uh, it’s a mixed— uh, it’s a mixed success. Um...you— you break through everybody. And you make it part— partway down the stairs, and then a hand grabs you at the bottom of the stairs, and it’s just Vincent. It’s just Vincent now, it’s just the two of you at the base of the stairs, everybody else is kind of like still nervously watching the gate. You get the idea that they wanna, like, keep an eye on you, but the gate is much more important to them right now, and Vincent says—
Vincent: Aubrey, what are you doing, we—we—I just—I need you to stay here, for a moment—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] What’s happening here, Vincent. Why—why is the sky like this, why is everyone scared? Quick. Quick quick quick, don’t think, just answer.
Vincent: It’s the—it’s it, Aubrey. This is the end of the world.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Okay.
Vincent: This is—this is the apocalypse that we have known is coming, and it is arriving several weeks early.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Because the— because the planet’s dying, right?
Vincent: Right.
Aubrey: I might be able to help.
Vincent: How?
Travis: And she takes off her sunglasses and looks him in the eye.
Aubrey: Uhhh...the crystal and I get along well, and, I dunno, I could give it—I could give you time.
Griffin: Manipulate Someone. And I think you have a pretty— you have a pretty good case here.
Travis: Uhhh...hm...uhh..
Clint: It’s a six.
Travis: [crosstalk] No, it’s plus one, so it’s a seven.
Griffin: Uh, they’ll do it, but only if you do something for them right now to show them you mean it. And I think he says—
Vincent: You can really do that, Aubrey? You can really buy us some time?
Aubrey: I don’t know how much, but...I don’t know, maybe.
Vincent: We’re going to have to run, probably.
Griffin: And then from the top of the stairs you hear Woodbridge scream—
Woodbridge: Vincent, what are you doing? Seize her!
Griffin: And he throws his spear down, and grabs you by the hand, and now the two of you are running down the street, uh, pursued in the distance by several of Vincent’s own guards, uh, and you are able to reach the, uh, the—the garden with this, uh, now just almost completely faded, grey crystal in the center of it. The light that you have seen, the faint light that you have seen that people sort of draw their—their sustaining energies from is more or less completely gone now. Um, what do you do?
Travis: Uh, she looks at Vincent, and she says, uh—
Aubrey: Try to pull me back before I die.
Travis: And she holds onto Flamebright and touches the crystal.
Griffin: Alright...alright. I think this would be Big Magic, right? I think what you are attempting to— the first time you did it, it was like a fun experiment to see what would happen, now you are trying to, like, save an entire planet, or at least buy them some time, so I think that would be Big Magic.
Travis: I agree, Griffin.
Griffin: So I think you’re going to have to roll to Use Magic, you’re going to need people to help, and I think Vincent has done that, right? Um...and it will have a specific side effect or danger. Those are the—those are the three things. So your place in this is to roll to Use Magic. And we will see what happens.
Travis: A seven plus three, that’s a ten.
Griffin: That is a complete success. [various sighs of relief] [music starts]
Griffin: You are holding onto the—the—the big crystal with one hand, and you’re holding onto the Flamebright Pendant with the other, and for a moment, the crystal in the center of Sylvain, it regains its color, just with a—with a flush, and as it does so, you notice, it is the exact same hue as the Flamebright Pendant. And both of them now seem to be illuminated by this just beautiful, spiralling light from within. And you would be able to appreciate this, if you did not feel like—like you were dying. Um...
Travis: Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Griffin: And you—you feel like the, uh, all of the magic that you have gained some mastery over, over the last year, you feel it just sort of draining out of you, and you feel yourself getting weaker and weaker, and then you feel a furry hand on your shoulder who pulls you backward, uh, and, Vincent says—
Vincent: Aubrey, are you—are you okay? Aubrey, you—you did it! [music fades]
Griffin: And you look around and like—it is still like dark out, it is still like, ominous and creepy, but the storm is not at the gates anymore, it is—it is—it looks like just any other sort of rainstorm, it is not sort of the—the apocalyptic wall of death that it just was a few moments ago. And you actually see everybody who was like charging in after you, and they have stopped and are looking with awe at your surroundings, and some of them are scared, and some of them are cheering, and uh, Vincent says—
Vincent: Aubrey, what— what are you?
Aubrey: Oh, I’m bisexual. [laughing]
Vincent: Do all of bisexuals have this power?
Aubrey: ...Yes. [laughing]
Vincent: Aubrey— I don’t— how are you able to do that?
Aubrey: Y’know what, Vince? Fuck if I know.
Griffin: With that, I think Vince takes your hands and helps you up, and he says—
Vincent: What’s going on with your eyes?
Griffin: Uh, and he— you see actually in the glint of his armor that they are both orange, now. And as badass as it looks, you feel like doing that took something out of you. And so, for the time being, uh, you have a minus one ongoing for— whenever you Use Magic.
Travis: Okay.
Aubrey: Vincent, I—I—I have— I— Janelle multiple times has said about the crystal fracturing and, is there any reason I can think of that I would be connected to magic, and the only thing I thought is my mom gave me this necklace, and I finally got it back, is it a piece?
Griffin: He looks at it and he holds it in his hand and he says—
Vincent: Aubrey I was here before the shattering, that—that is a piece of Sylvain, where did you say you got this?
Aubrey: My— my mom gave it to me?
Griffin: He eyes for a second, and then hands it back to you and he says—
Vincent: Aubrey, when...when our world was first attacked, when the shattering happened, your— your Earth raiders came and took pieces of Sylvain as mementos. And I guess it’s possible that throughout the— the decades, throughout generations, one shard made its way to you.
Aubrey: Could— could we fix the crystal if we got the pieces back?
Vincent: It was hundreds of pieces, Aubrey, it’s not— it’s— I don’t think that’s— as much as I appreciate your— your caring thought, that’s— I don’t think that’s going to work. But fortunately, I don’t think we’re going to have to worry about that too much longer.
Aubrey: Why?
Griffin: He—he looks around and he notices that Woodbridge is still a distance away and he says—
Vincent: Because Janelle found a way to save our planet, that’s what she’s doing over there.
Aubrey: H—how?
Vincent: I shouldn’t be telling you this, Aubrey, I—I—it’s a little bit above my head, but... if anything, I think you could serve us better on the other side. Go— go help Janelle, if you can.
Aubrey: Okay? Um...okay.
Travis: And Aubrey runs back.
Griffin: Uh, you are passing through the crowd and Woodbridge tries to stop you, and a couple of the guards swarm in with him, and, uh, Vincent is like, chasing up to— to like tell them to fucking chill out, but they see your eyes? [music starts] And with that, they just kind of like look freaked out, and step backward and allow you to pass through them, up the stairs, and back through the gate. [music swells and fades]
Griffin: Ned?
Clint: Hmm?
Griffin: You are... standing in the crowd, and this— this white light sarcophagus has just appeared, um... This is not happening like, concurrently with the scene that just happened, so Aubrey is not, you know, appearing through the gate right now. Um. You see this sarcophagus, and the crowd has gone silent, and Mama, I think, with that, stands up from the lawn chair and starts to walk toward it, as do a couple other folks; I think Hollis and Agent Stern and the Sheriff all sort of walk closer to investigate. What do you do?
Clint: Do the same thing, walk towards it, uh, to investigate.
Griffin: Okay! Um... yeah.
Clint: I assume since I’m the only one that has that move...
Griffin: Y-yeah, that’s fair. Um, this would be... [Travis laughs]
Travis: So wait, all the— all the NPCs are like, they’re trying to look at it but they’re like “What do we even do with our eyes?”
Clint: [crosstalk] “What— what is this? I can’t figure this out!”
Travis: “Our ears? Our— what do we do?!”
Griffin: Um... So, you tell me, is this Investigate a Mystery, or is this Read a Bad Situation?
Travis: Now, Ned has seen this sarcophagus before, right?
Griffin: He has, yeah, and has definitely rolled on it before. So like, I think Ned kinda knows what this thing’s about, so that’s why I think Read a Bad Situation. I would argue this is more of a bad situation than it is an unknown thing because you actually specifically do
Clint: What—
Griffin: know what this thing is.
Clint: I do?
Griffin: Well not— I— what it is, but you know what you’re gonna know just from looking at it.
Travis: You know it’s connected to the abomination in some way, like—
Griffin: Right. Exactly.
Clint: Okay...
Griffin: And that it has some sort of, like, readout of— of it, and you, uh, you saw— Here’s one thing that I’ll give you just for free. When you saw it back in the hotel, it has these, like, memories flashing on the cover of it, kind of like how your memories—
Clint: Right.
Griffin: Those are not there anymore. Those are—those are not happening on the cover of this thing. Uh, you don’t really know what that means, but the memory flashing is over, but you still see sort of a digital readout on the— on the cover of this thing.
Clint: I think Read a Bad Situation then.
Griffin: Okay. Roll plus sharp.
Clint: That’s a seven, plus two, that’s a nine.
Griffin: Okay, on a nine, you get to hold one. So you get to ask one of these questions What’s my best way in? What’s my best way out? Are there dangers we haven’t noticed? What’s the biggest threat? What’s vulnerable to me? And, What’s the best way to protect the victims?
Clint: I think best way to protect the victims.
Griffin: I think, like, the term victims is—is broad here, right? Um... I will give you that, like, everybody’s in danger around this thing, um... And, I mean, I will also give you—there is a mob, an armed mob? Uh, whatever’s inside this thing is probably in danger. Right? Like, there’s—there’s an army here, a small platoon, um, so... that—that is something I will also give you. Uh—
Clint: It seems to me that protecting the victims is the best way—to—is... finding out how to defuse the situation.
Griffin: Yeah, is—is getting people away from this sarcophagus.
Clint: Uh... I... [chuckles, at a loss] I think Ned— points the Narf blaster at the white sarcophagus! And says,
Ned: If you don’t mind. Would you leave? Just—just go somewhere that is not here? So that, uh, I don’t have to shoot you with this gun that I keep shooting people with, even though I’m pretty much a pacifist, but not lately.
Griffin: Uh, with that, like... All the—all the civvies back away from the sarcophagus because you’re pointing this— I’m gonna say huge, crazy, colorful gun at it! Uh, and Agent Stern, like, turns towards you with alarm and Sheriff Owens does the same, uh, with one hand on his service revolver at his hip, um... And he says,
Sheriff Owens: Now, Ned, I don’t know what that—that crazy contraption is, but um.. You need to, just take—take it easy, alright? We don’t know what this thing—
Ned: Nope! Well it— I— I don’t think it knows either, so how bout not, you know, [out of the corner of his mouth] ruining my— my move here, okay, big guy?
Griffin: Are you— are you threatening this sarcophagus? It doesn’t— it— I’ll say this, it doesn’t respond to your speaking, right? If— if the sarcophagus itself, or the thing inside of it is, like, conscious and cognizant of your warning, uh, you don’t know. Because, it, uh, just remains there sort of floating in midair. It does not respond as much as everybody else responds to you wielding this big, wild gun.
Ned: Listen. Everybody, just, do me a favor back off. Because when I shoot this thing—
Clint: And I look at the—the white sarcophagus—
Ned: —and I will shoot you. I’m not exactly sure what’s going to happen. But you all need to back off just in case there’s some kind of unpleasantness that occurs when I shoot it. And I will shoot it!
Griffin: Uh, go ahead and roll... uh... [chuckles] Manipulate Someone.
Clint: Alright. That’s a seven, plus... what?
Travis: Charm.
Clint: One. That’s an eight.
Griffin: Okay. Uh... On an eight, they’ll do it, but only if you do something right now to show them that you mean it. Uh, the sarcophagus, like, again, no response. Uh, I think—I think on an eight, everybody just, like, everybody backs away, nobody quite knows what to do in this situation. Uh, Agent Stern also now has his hand at his hip, and Sheriff Owens, uh, says—
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh no. You don’t wanna see his hand where his hip be at.
Griffin: Almost certainly not. And Sheriff Owens says,
Sheriff Owens: Ned, I’m gonna have to ask you to— to lower that thing. Alright? I don’t want— I don’t want anybody getting hurt, and I don’t know what kind of [laughs] kind of wild gun that is, so I need you to—
Ned: What— what do you think this giant threatening white sarcophagus— you think it’s a good guy? This is one of the bad guys! This was in the place where I got z-zapped over to! This is in league with the shapeshifter thing! This is in league with the thing that’s been opening rifts all over town, and have been attacking people and killing people. This is not some good will ambassador! Put your fucking gun away!
Griffin: Uh... He looks kind of shocked at what you’re saying, uh—
Travis: Because you used a curse!
Griffin: Because you cursed, yeah, the power of your cursing makes you not have to roll on this. He kinda like— takes a step backward—
Travis: Because everyone knows that cursing is cool.
Griffin: You also just said so much banana-cakes stuff— [laughing]
Griffin: Like, about a shapeshifter and all this. But I will say, like, your yelling sent a shock of alarm through the crowd, who now kinda knows to be... scared of this thing. And I think it’s quiet for a second, and then... There’s a flash of light that comes from the sarcophagus, and very, very slowly, [music starts] it just kind of disintegrates into these little puffs of light that float upward and disappear, and there is a figure inside of it. And— I— this is all happening in, like, super slow motion. You see, like, guns being raised, you see people sort of, just, freaking the hell out, as this sarcophagus disintegrates. And then kneeling on the ground, you see a woman. And she is wearing a parka, and she’s got this tangled blonde hair, and a brown pair of slacks. And she is hunched over; her face is looking down at the ground, her eyes are closed. And the crowd, I think, kinda takes a step backward from— from her, as she appears. Um, except for those who are drawing their weapons. And she looks up at you, Ned. And it’s Dani. Only... she is different, now. She— You’ve only sort of slightly seen her in this form once, um, back when the residents of Amnesty Lodge lost access to the springs that sustain them and sort of gave them their lucidity on earth. Only, it’s much, much worse now. She is completely feral. Her eyes are shining this, like, blood orange-red, and her teeth are gnashed and razor-sharp, and she— she leaps to her feet, and you see Barclay starting to move in that direction, you see Mama looking terrified, and Dani is just sprinting toward a crowd that is just half afraid and half ready for battle. What do you do?
Clint: [sucks in a breath, laughs, at a loss] Uh... Try to... I think Ned tries to tackle her.
Griffin: Act—
Clint: I don’t wanna shoot her!
Griffin: Yeah. Act Under Pressure.
Clint: That’s a seven, plus two, which is Cool. I mean, two for—
Travis: [laughs] Which is cool.
Clint: Which is cool. So nine.
Travis: That’s three sevens in a row, Dad! Four sevens if you include my seven.
Clint: Should I get— I... I should get something for that, shouldn’t I?
Griffin: I... am going to give you a hard choice, Ned. And I think you know [music swells] what that hard choice is gonna be. A shot rings out from the crowd behind you as you rush in to tackle. And the hard choice that I am giving you is who it is going to hit.
Clint: I think... I... I don’t think Ned wants to be the cause of anybody else to get hurt. So... it hits Ned. [pause as music continues]
Griffin: And then we see you, Ned, just— just for a second. And you are standing in the Cryptonomica, and it is still basked in the warm sunset light earlier this evening. And you’re in the middle of—of clearing out the Cryptonomica. You’re getting ready to leave, and as you’re loading up the last box, before you are attacked by the shapeshifter, uh, you take a beat and go to your desk, and you get out a couple of pieces of Cryptonomica stationery, and you begin writing a letter.
Ned: Dear Duck, There’s a line in Animal House where Otter says, “You fucked up! You trusted us!” Well, I guess you fucked up, you trusted me. I am doing what I do best, getting into a bad situation and then running like a scalded dog when it gets worse. I just couldn’t go without telling you how much your friendship has meant to me over the years. Even though you are loath to admit it, you are a true hero, and watching you has shown me the value of protecting others, no matter what sacrifice. I just didn’t learn the lesson well enough, I guess, to make those sacrifices myself. Wow, this has really turned into a little pity party hasn’t it? Boo hoo, Poor Ned! Anywho, I’m leaving the Cryptonomica to Kirby. (I mean that’s how I got it, right?) But, you know, check in on he and the Gosling goat occasionally, would you? To quote one of my favorite movie stars, Porky Pig “Uhh ba-dee ba-dee ba-dee, that’s all, folks!” With great admiration, Ned Vamoose Chicane
Griffin: And then we see Ned fold that letter gently, and smile, and place it on the desk with Duck’s name written on the outside of it, and then he picks up the other piece of paper.
Ned: Dear Aubrey, I’m taking your advice and heading out for parts unknown. But I need you to know how sorry I am for the impact I have had in your life. I am a thief. I have always been a thief, but I have never been a robber. There is a huge difference. I never, ever wanted anyone to come to any kind of harm in any of my capers. The fire that took the life of your mother was an accident. A horrible accident that was not supposed to happen. But it did. And I am to blame. I am not asking you to forgive me. I don’t want you to forgive me. I want you to always keep in mind that no matter how small a wrong action may seem, wrong is always wrong! And it can easily cause events to quickly spiral out of control. No, I don’t want you to forgive me, Aubrey. I want you to hate me. I want you to focus all your hatred on me, and that will free up all the love in that big, remarkable heart of yours for the rest of the world. Hold tight to that pendant. Try to have Duck’s back. And become a better person than I. With love, Edmund Kelly Chicane
Griffin: And then we see Ned fold that letter up, and write Aubrey’s name on it, and leaves his hand on it for a moment before he takes it off and walks back into his inner sanctum. You slam into Dani. And it hurts, that— that hurts. And the two of you kind of spiral and crash to the ground, and Dani's on top of you and she leans backward and starts to dive her jagged teeth down into your neck. And just at the last second, Barclay runs in and grabs her and holds her under the arms. And from the ground where you're laying, you see him pulling her. She is restrained and fighting, but he is pulling her back toward Amnesty Lodge, and Mama looks at him, and then looks down at you. And then you realize that everybody is looking down at you. And then you feel your back start to get wet. And then you don't feel anything on your back anymore, and then you start to feel cold. And from your position on the ground, your- your vision is starting to fade a bit, but you look up and you see the only rifle that is still pointed outward with some smoke coming out of it belongs to Pigeon, who looks terrified. She collapses. And you hear Mama talking, and she's saying something, and she's frantically gesturing to Sheriff Owens, who nods and takes off running for help. And then Mama asks you something, and you can't quite make it out. And then she shouts your name and then she shouts something else, but you just can’t... hear it anymore. You just hear the wind. And you just see the stars above you. They are beautiful. And then they’re gone. [a long pause]
Griffin: You see Minerva in the flesh now, and she is wearing these rad battle robes, and she is armed with this zweihander— like, big-ass sword, with her big, bald head that is glistening moonlight off of it. And she smiles when you say that you had it handled, and she looks at this four-armed being, and she says,
Minerva: [laughing] Duck Newton, it looks like you already handled it.
Griffin: Because, sure enough, this thing is starting to—now, finally—fade away. You see it start to, like, try and flex, to pull itself back together, but it is not working, and, very slowly, these puffs of white light are starting to drift away from it. And it still starts walking toward you. What do you do?
Justin: [under his breath] God damn it. [louder] I’m gonna chop its legs off.
Griffin: [laughing] OK. As you step forward to deliver a coup-de-grâce on it, you see it stop, and then very very quickly turn around backward and stretch an arm out with a hand extended. And, as it does that, you see something appear. You see a rift. And it is different from the rifts that this other thing has conjured when it’s needed to slip from one place to the other. The border of it, first of all, is way thicker, and it’s shimmering this brilliant golden light. And, as soon as this rift appears, you can see faint traces— not faint traces, you see brilliant, brilliant light pouring out of this rift. You see, actually, like, several beams of intersecting white light, but from your position right now you can’t really see much more. And this thing begins, sort of, very quickly and with purpose, sort of hobbling towards the rift. What do you do now?
Justin: Do I see anything? What do I see though the rift?
Griffin: I, like—I think you have to Investigate a Mystery to see anything more. But I also think that’s going to buy this thing some time.
Duck: Minerva, where’s it goin’?
Griffin: She looks agog as this rift appears, and she actually rushes forward towards it and does not answer you.
Justin: I’m gonna whip Beacon around its arm.
Griffin: Okay. Which one? [Someone laughs]
Justin: One of the good ones, Griffin, what the fuck does it matter? [Travis laughs]
Justin: I’m trying to hold on.
Griffin: Okay. Keeping it from—
Justin: If it’s going anywhere it’s taking me with it.
Griffin: Okay. What did you roll? [crosstalk] This is an Act Under Pressure.
Justin: [crosstalk] Um... it’s a... eight.
Griffin: OK. On an eight you get a worse outcome, hard choice, or a price to pay. You are not going to be able to pull this thing backwards, and you are not going to be able to follow it, but you are going to be able to kind of, just like, hold it and approach a little bit closer to the rift and get a better look in there. [crosstalk] That’s sort of the mixed success here.
Justin: [crosstalk] OK. That’s all I need.
Griffin: OK. What do you do?
Justin: I mean, what do I see? Is the question.
Griffin: Yeah, you’re close enough now. And I think you only have a moment here, because you tried to delay this thing—and you did, it did not make it through. You see—well, what you’re able to see, it is difficult to surmise, [Music begins; it sounds like a slower version of “Another World” by Griffin McElroy] not because it is so abstract and complicated, although it super is. It is so bright inside of this rift that it actually hurts to look at it. But, what you see is a facility, this enormous scientific facility from what you can tell. And it’s largely comprised of this one massive, tall, cylindrical chamber. And your vision, through this rift, its at ground level, and, at the centre of the chamber, you see this shallow dome of light that is super wide, it’s several dozen feet in circumference. And from it, actually, even from the distance you are at from it, you hear the same kind of digitized, buzzing language that this four-armed being appears to speak when you have hurt it, and it has shouted out in pain. And this dome is flanked by these rows of massive computers and they’re just roaring. You feel a tremendous amount of heat coming out of this chamber. But the displays on these computers have grown dark green and dusty with disuse. And the other thing that you see is, around the back wall of this chamber are these large, cylindrical pods. And most of them are completely empty, but a few of them have figures floating in them. And from your position you can kind of only silhouettes, but, while you can’t surmise what they are, their silhouettes look unnatural. And, in one of the pods, you actually see this mist coming out of these needles that are emerging from everywhere, and they are—this mist is stitching itself together to create one of these silhouettes. And then you look up from the ground floor, and your eyes can just barely take in what you see without, just, searing pain. You see beams of light—countless beams—criss-crossing the walls of this chamber as it extends upward, beyond what you can see. And each beam appears to be projecting out of a large metal ring and then crossing the length of the chamber before landing in a ring directly across from it. And there’s just hundreds of these beams, you assume, although they are far too painfully brilliant for you to count. And you look over and you see Minerva, who is seeing the same things, too, and then this four-armed being manages to shake off the sword and start to run forward. And then that dome at the centre of the room—you see it bubble upward, and then this shockwave bursts out of it. [Music slows and becomes distorted, before fading.] And you see it blow the dust upward from the machinery surrounding it, and the entire chamber shakes as this dome just screams. And then the shockwave passes through the rift and collides with the four-armed figure and just cuts it in half. And its two halves just float upward and disintegrate instantly like vapour. And the rift instantly disappears.
Duck: See, I had it handled. [Griffin laughing]
Griffin: You see red lights flashing in the distance, and you hear sirens. And you see, through the canopy of trees in the forest surrounding the telescope, you see an ambulance and a couple of squad cars rolling up on the telescope. And you can actually see over the rim now. You see Dr. Drake and she’s tending to Leo, who is alive. And, Minerva, her mouth is open, and she sheathes her sword. And she sits down and kind of puts her elbows on her knees, sitting inside of the telescope, and she has this huge smile on her face. And you see her starting to tear up. And she says,
Minerva: Have you seen that world, before, Duck Newton? That world of light?
Duck: ...No. No, nothing like that.
Griffin: She looks up at you and extends a hand, asking for you to help her up. [Ominous music starts]
Justin: I do.
Griffin: She rises to her position well above you, and she says,
Minerva: I am not quite sure what that was, my friend. But I assume that they know who we are. And hopefully, now, Duck Newton, now they know what we’re capable of.
Griffin: Aubrey, you make it through the gate and you smell gunpowder, and I think like, instantly you are scared of what that means, and then you notice that everybody has their guns more or less stowed away, and then you see laying on the ground, Ned. [music stops] And Mama is with him, and uh, Sheriff Owens is with him, and the crowd here has thinned out from what it was just— just before you left, but Ned is on the ground and he’s not moving.
Aubrey: ...What? Um... A lot to take in here, um. Janelle? Mama?
Griffin: Uh, Janelle is nowhere to be seen, but Mama looks up at you and she wipes away a tear, and she says,
Mama: [sighs] How did it go on your side, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Uh... I—I—I charged up a crystal and um, what h—? ...Is Ned okay?
Mama: No, he’s not.
Aubrey: Does he need— I can try to heal him?
Travis: And uh, Aubrey tries to use magic to heal Ned. Uh... Well, it would be an eleven, minus one. A ten?
Griffin: You place your hands on Ned, and you see a glowing light fade over him, and nothing happens.
Aubrey: Ned! What ha— M—Mama, i— what happened? I—Is...Is this the sha— this is the shapeshifter, right?
Griffin: She looks up at you and she stands up from where she’s at and sort of comes— comes around to where you are and she just wraps her arms around you and—
Aubrey: N—
Griffin: Gives you a hug.
Aubrey: No—
Griffin: Tries to.
Aubrey: No, it’s not— this is— we won, right? Like we stopped the bad— because I— this can’t— Ned can’t be dead, Mama, because I—I— [deep breath] Mama, I— I told him to leave, I was—
Griffin: And then you feel this like, slight cool breeze coming across the pines where this crowd has gathered, this crowd that has just fallen absolutely silent. And all you hear is this wind, and it increases quickly and then dramatically, and then the crowd turns to face where it’s coming from, and that is when the supersonic boom hits. [music starts] And everybody assembled here is thrown to the ground, uh, and a tree at the perimeter of the clearing is torn from the ground and topples over, very nearly missing the crowd. Um, and then there’s a sound that follows the boom, this sickening deep cracking noise that shakes the ground as it passes over you, and with that, like, the rest of the town’s residents here, they just, they fucking take off. They start sprinting toward the main road in fear. Uh, and you see Sheriff Owens look at Mama, and she nods, and Sheriff Owens takes off to make sure that everybody is accounted for, and then, Aubrey, the moon disappears. And the clearing goes dark, and you see blue smoke pouring upward from the source of this sound, and through it you make out the shape that has just blotted out the moon. It is a jagged diamond-shaped rock that is floating weightlessly in the air. It’s huge, just this forty-foot tall monolithic rock. And through this thick blue smoke, you see actually something like sliding off of it, and it looks like snow, and that’s when you realize what you’re seeing floating in the air is the peak of Mount Kepler, which has been ripped from its base, and is now hovering above the mountain. And this vision, it looks familiar, because it looks like the image that was in the book that you delivered to Janelle. What do you do?
Travis: Uh, Aubrey is gonna read a bad situation? [music stops]
Griffin: Okay!
Travis: But specifically trying to open up ye olde third eye.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Yeah, so read a bad situation is plus sharp so that’s a, uh, nine plus one, that’s a ten.
Griffin: Uh, okay, I will say— oh, what’s your— what’s your questioning here?
Travis: Oh, I don’t even know about that, I was just trying to—
Griffin: What’s my best way in, what’s my best way out, are there dangers we haven’t noticed, what’s the biggest threat, what’s most vulnerable to me, what’s the best way to protect the victims.
Travis: Um, I’m gonna say the dangers we haven’t noticed—
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Using the third eye.
Griffin: With third eye, yeah, for sure. Uh, well, the third eye has a question which is like “what magic has been cast here?” So I’m gonna say putting those two points together, the two things that you know is that they cloaked themselves with the same sort of uh, shimmer that used to be one the archway where you couldn’t see them if you didn’t know that they were— that they were there, and you figure that they managed to pass through the snow. So like, that’s what you get with your third eye. The thing that you also get is you see a set of footprints that are leading away from like, where everybody else sort of just took off from in the snow. And you see these footprints heading toward uh, the— the base of— of Mt. Kepler.
Travis: Alright, well, just running on pure adrenaline and instinct, follow. Go.
Griffin: Okay. You sprint through the woods—
Travis: While, I will say, still crying, but just adrenaline at this point, and blood— y’know, blood pounding in ears kinda deal, y’know?
Griffin: Then we see Aubrey just sprinting through the woods with this blue light from the sky, from this smoke illuminating her face passing through the trees with tears just streaking behind her. And just shockingly quickly, you are at the base of Mt. Kepler, and you follow these footprints upward and you manage to just like scale? Uh, y’know, half of a sloped— just with the wind at your back, pushed forward by adrenaline and anger and sadness. And then you see them. You see Janelle, and she’s flanked by those half-dozen Sylvans, uh, and all of them have their arms just outstretched toward the heavens. Uh, they are all supporting Janelle, who you see is holding the book that you delivered to her in one hand, uh, just reciting furiously the passages within. What do you do?
Aubrey: Janelle! What in the name of fuck are you doing?
Griffin: Uh, a couple of people sort of, uh, get distracted when you yell, and turn away from— from their spellcasting, and in that moment you see the smoke start to sputter just a little bit, and then they realize what they’re doing, and put their arms back up. And Janelle, with the book still in her hand, says,
Janelle: I can save Sylvain, Aubrey. I can save Sylvain, I can siphon just a portion, a fragment of life from your world and transfer it to our own, I can do it, Aubrey, and your world, it’ll suffer minimal damage— Would you not make this sacrifice, Aubrey? Knowing what it could accomplish for my people? Would you not do it? This is the answer I’ve been looking for for years, and you are the one who brought it to me.
Aubrey: Janelle... To take something from someone else isn’t a sacrifice.
Janelle: Fine, Aubrey. Call it theft, then. But if it’s what keeps my world alive without killing yours? This is a harmless crime.
Aubrey: That’s from the book, right? This is from the book?
Janelle: Yes, Au—
Aubrey: The book that Dani got from the shapeshifter?
Janelle: I— From what?
Aubrey: [sighs] There was a shapeshifter who uh, could take different peoples’ forms, took Dani’s form, took Ned’s form, took the form of a morgue employee at one point I think, that was a couple episodes ago. And that’s—
Janelle: Au—
Aubrey: —where Dani got the book from and you’re using—
Janelle: What are you say— Aubrey, w— why? Why in Sylvain’s name would you not tell me this sooner? [music starts]
Aubrey: I— [sighs] I was covering for a friend.
Janelle: Aubrey... [wheezes] How could you—
Griffin: And then another crack rings through the air, uh, but this one’s actually different from the first, this isn’t the sound of like, an enormous thing breaking. It is the sound of thunder, very close by. And then you look up, and in that blue smoke that is coming out of the mountain, you see this light surging inside of it, like thunder deep inside a cloud. And that smoke is starting to change. It is a deep, dark purple colour now, and you hear these Sylvans that are with Janelle like, gasp, and she looks up at it and looks back down at the book, and she says,
Janelle: This isn’t supposed to happen, Aubrey—
Aubrey: Y—
Janelle: This isn’t—
Aubrey: Yeah, no, I’m getting that, Janelle.
Griffin: And then the smoke turns a dark crimson and then that light that is ping-ponging around inside of it, uh, it’s going off just furiously now. And then suddenly, the light disappears. And then this thick curtain of red smoke splits in two, and you hear the whistling of a sharp wind above you as the peak of Mt. Kepler enters a free fall. What do you do?
Travis: Jeezus pleezus. Um, I think the reaction is to grab, uh, Janelle, and pull her away. We’re running. Um, and I’m— I think, to facilitate, we’re gonna use some magic to do one thing beyond human limitations. We’ll see!
Griffin: You’re trying to just like, pull yourselves outta here?
Travis: Yeah, so, it would have been a seven plus three, a ten, but I have a minus one so it’s a nine. Mixed success. Well, so that means that glitches happen, right?
Griffin: Uh, yeah, you use magic, so.
Travis: Uh, I’m gonna go with take one harm, ignore armor.
Griffin: [deep breath] Okay. Here’s what I’m gonna say happens, then. Uh, You do this, you try to pull them forward, and as that happens, you feel this searing pain in your leg, as the wound that you managed to magically sort of close up— you feel it reopen. And instantly, you feel yourself getting faint, as you just like, pull everybody away from the path of this boulder [music starts], uh, and you yourself are still definitely in it. And Janelle looks down at you and grabs you by the shoulders and starts to pull. And then for a moment, time stands still in Kepler. The deep red light of this arcane storm rolling above the town is cast on the faces of her residents. Keith and Hollis and the hornets all on their bikes, and all just trying to shepherd the crowd to safety on the topside road. And Agent Stern and Sheriff Owens who are racing towards the source of the commotion, and Barclay who’s holding a half-conscious Danny and the warm waters behind Amnesty Lodge. And on Mama, who isn’t looking up at the light but on the face of her fallen friend. And on Duck, and Minerva, seeing the storm in the distance. And on you, Aubrey, and on Janelle, and then time catches up. And the peak of Mt. Kepler, once the scenic treasure of a small town in West Virginia’s Greenbrier River Valley returns to its original position with violent momentum. [Music plays out]
