Griffin: It’s the middle of May, 1989.[Ambient music starts to play]
Griffin: The wildflowers have just begun to bloom in generous patches throughout the Monongahela National Forest, attracting legions of locals and visiting hikers alike to the deepest, untamed reaches of the woods. It is, without a doubt, the busiest time of year for Arlo Thacker, founder, president, and sole employee of Kepler Expeditions. He’s an outdoorsman for hire, sometimes a spelunker, sometimes a whitewater rafter, but in the spring he’s nearly always a trail guide. We see Thacker wrapping up a wildflower tour of the Monongahela with a troop of students from Pocahontas Middle School. Scores of children are lining up behind their respective teachers, preparing to file back towards the buses. One teacher’s count comes up short. A young girl from the sixth-grade class isn’t with the group, Thacker. This is bad for the sixth-grade teacher at Pocahontas Middle and very bad for KepEx’s brand optics.
Clint: Shoot.
Griffin: What does Arlo Thacker do?
Clint: Well, he’s gonna have to go find the kid, obviously. What is this kid’s name?
Griffin: This kid’s name, the teacher tells you, is Juno Divine.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: And she was with the group earlier, and they were exploring the woods, looking for patches of wildflowers, and she stopped to take notes, the teacher thinks, and they just moved on without her.
Clint: It ought to be pretty easy, just backtrack from where they are now and he’ll be able to find her pretty easily. I mean...
Griffin: Yeah, I think Act Under Pressure. I think you’re under pressure because if you don’t find her, that would probably mean the end of KepEx.
Clint: Yeah, well, we don’t want that. Uh, that’s an eight, plus, let’s see, what do I add to Act Under— Cool. Well...
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: That’s a seven.
Griffin: Oh, you have a minus one cool.
Clint: Yep! Sure does.
Griffin: Okay, it is a mixed success. You find her, but it takes a while. And the teachers and the students are all getting very, very antsy as you stumble upon her, as you sort of backtrack through the woods. It takes you— she was quite a ways back. Uh, and you see Juno and she's sitting on a log overlooking a small creek that's flowing through the woods. And she's wearing nearly as much outdoors gear as you are and she's holding some kind of sketchbook and you can see some drawings of birds and plants. And you can see those because she has it open and she's trying to shake it because it's just sopping wet all the way through and she, uh, has some tears in her eyes and doesn't notice your approach.
Thacker: Young lady! What in the world were you thinking? Why did you not stay with the group? We have already egressed from this location. Um, wha— what's wrong?
Griffin: She wipes her nose and she says,
Juno: [sniffles] I'm— I'm sorry, Mr Thacker. I, uh, I lost track of time. I tho— I didn't wanna be... [sighs] My classmates have made it very clear that they don't favour my company and so I thought I could just stay and take a couple more drawings but I think that's out of the question too.
Griffin: And she, you know, keeps trying to wring out her ruined sketchbook.
Thacker: I understand. I'm not real crazy about people either. I'm not a big fan of... [laughs] the human race but y—you can't stay out here especially in these conditions all by yourself. Believe it or not, even though it is spring, it gets cold out here at night and uh, you know, you're kinda my responsibility so, um, can— wait a minute, let me see what you drew.
Griffin: She hands you the sketchbook. Some of the pages closer to the front are a little bit dryer. This thing was obviously thrown into the creek by some, some bully types and it's not a very deep creek so parts of it are unaffected and you see just these gorgeous drawings of, uh, of wildflowers and of trees and you see a few birds and the birds have their scientific names written under them. And you— you just see all of this very, very detailed, sort of cataloguing of the Monongahela's natural treasures.
Thacker: And you're telling me that your friends threw this in the water? Young lady, you have talent! This is— this is really nice stuff, this is really good. And how do you know the names? I didn't know— all the technical terms for these birds and fauna and such.
Griffin: She is fully recovered now. She's smiling actually now that you've complimented her work and she says
Juno: Well, some of my classmates are into, y'know, watching basketball and some of my classmates are into New Kids on the Block but I'm— I just, I look around here in Kepler and I realize just how good we got it and I don't understand why everybody else doesn't know the names of these birds and these plants. They're not ours but they kinda are, for the time being, you know what I mean?
Thacker: Oh, absolutely. Listen, I love it out here. I spend more time out here than I do in that big city Kepler, that's for dang sure. Well listen, let me tell you something. If you— if you would just pack up your stuff and come back with me, I can get you back to your group and uh, you know what, we'll— I'll make a point to make sure that people know not to bother you quite as much. I can't make any promises but you know, anytime you wanna come out to here, you are more than welcome. And I'll give you the friends and family rate.
Griffin: She laughs and packs up her bag and starts to walk back toward the buses and then she turns and she says,
Juno: Mr Thacker, if you don't mind, how did you— how did you get this job? How did you get to do, y'know, something like this 'cause it— honestly it seems like a dream job.
Thacker: Well it is kinda my dream. It's been kind of a rough dream lately. Um, y'know, I just always loved it out here. I love the caving, I love the water, I love whitewater. When I was a kid, my family brought me up here and we vacationed up here a lot and I just said, 'Y'know what, I'd— I'd like to be one with the land and give people a chance to discover it the way I discovered it' so uh, y'know. And listen, people think outer space is wild and unexplored and they think the bottom of the sea is this great big mystery. I'm telling you there's stuff in these woods, in these mountains and stuff that would boggle your mind. There is so much out here people don't even know. Some of it's wild and wonderful, as we say, but some of it's wild and weird, that's for sure.
Griffin: She, uh, grins and she says,
Juno: I'm gonna find it. I— I'm gonna find all of it. Thank you, Mr Thacker.
Griffin: And she turns and she walks back toward the buses. And you hear the fallen foliage crunching beneath her feet as she walks away and... then you hear that same sound behind you. And you turn and your life changes. The entity standing before you is not human, it's not animal. Its body is lean, almost shrivelled and it's covered in these glistening sharp scales and patches of filthy white fur and its face is— is primal and gaunt and it's locked in this unearthly, open grin. And it takes a step toward you and also toward the children just beyond you, just out of eyesight through the forest. What do you do?
Clint: Uh, well, Thacker carries a machete axe, a brush axe that he uses to clear the brush. 29 inches of pretty dangerous stuff so he takes it loose off his belt, takes it out the sheath 'cause he knows he'd cut his leg off because in a way he's a little bit like me, uh, unsheathes it and says,
Thacker: Hooold on there, frien— sport! You uh just kinda hold on. Uhh, what the hell are you?
Griffin: You hear panting, wild panting coming from inside this thing and you hear almost just this, this musical breathing, just these dark haunting tones coming from inside of it and it opens its jaw, almost like it's unhinged it fully and it takes another step toward you and now is— you can feel its breath on you.
Clint: He's gonna a tentative step back but he's— he's also kinda waving this machete axe around in a, what he hopes is a menacing way. He doesn't know if this is an animal. He doesn't know what the hell it is but he's hoping maybe he can intimidate it a little bit and maybe scare it off with a— with a little fancy machete work.
Griffin: Okay, you are doing some sick machete stunts and trying to show this thing that you mean business and you hear this wet thunk and its eyes go wide and just, this breathing just stops and it is standing perfectly still and then you hear a second thunk and then it just goes limp and it falls down into the creek. And standing there behind this creature, holding a woodsman's axe is Madeline Cobb. And she says,
Mama: [sighs] Well Thacker, uh, is there any chance I could convince you that that was a feral boar or something?
Thacker: Mm, I don't think so, Madeline. I, um, I'm pretty sure I've never seen a boar that looked quite like that, like it had little mirrors  all over it. I'm assuming this is something out of my area of expertise but not out of your area of expertise.
Mama: Yeah. Thacker, let's talk. [music plays]
Griffin: Now it's 2013 and you have just finished packing up your big hiking pack, your biggest hiking pack—I assume you have several large ones, this one is for when shit hits the fan—for the most ambitious expedition you've ever embarked on. The last few hunts have been... costly. For the first time in your abomination-fighting career, you and Mama have felt the weight of your responsibility and also for the first time, you've come to understand that weight is too much. And so you have packed your bag and you are leaving for Sylvain in the morning. You will cross beyond the border of the capital city there and seek out the source of the monsters that are spilling into your world. How does Arlo Thacker prepare for this journey?
Clint: Um, actually I think what he— what he has in the pack, I mean he's got the machete that he brings, he's got this hiking staff with which he's done a few little improvements to. And, y'know, he's not gonna be a big 'tent, bedroll' kinda guy. He loves outdoors, I think he has brought along a journal, I don't know, binoculars, just stuff [crosstalk]
Griffin: You got some gorp?
Clint: Got a big ol' bag of gorp! He makes his own gorp. Uh, he makes it out of pretzels and peanut butter candy and pepperonis. Got a little—
Griffin: Oh my god, Arlo!
Clint: Yeah. Doesn't that sound good? Little pepperoni?
Griffin: No! It sounds like a nightmare. I love that you live off the land except for your gorp which is the most synthetic nightmare food I've ever heard.
Clint: Yeah, I don't think he's like a hunter, kinda stuff, I think he fends for himself off the land. I think if he's bringing anything in his pack, he's bringing a lot of water, y'know, just in case and a water purification kit. Um, probably some binoculars and... y'know, maybe that's about it. Change of clothes, maybe.
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: I don't think that's high on his priorities though.
Griffin: [laughs] Okay, you have all that packed up and uh, it's the night before and— where are you at? Does KepEx have, like, a building somewhere? Or do you operate this out of—  where does KepEx operate out of?
Clint: KepEx has a bivouac. It's an old military, like a Quonset hut, y'know those big—
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: —semi-permanent things. He has plans to build a permanent facility but business hadn't been all that great and especially business hasn't been all that great since he has been spending so much with Mama and the Amnesty Lodge people doing all this hunting stuff.
Griffin: Right.
Clint: Business has kinda... I hadn't closed down or anything but it sure hasn't been thriving without his personal attention all the time.
Griffin: Right. Okay, it's the night before and you are in your bivouac and you've just finished packing and you hear the—  I don't know man, flap? Is there a flap? Is there a door?
Clint: No, there'd be a door.
Griffin: Okay. You hear the door open. I guess I don't know what a bivouac is. You hear the door op—
Clint: Think Quonset hut. You know what a Quonset hut is?
Griffin: No! Why do you think that I don't know what bivouac is but I would definitely know what a Quonset hut is? [Clint laughs] Uh, I'm just going to assume it's a building. And uh, Ma—
Clint: It's like a— if you cut a cylinder in half.
Griffin: Oh sure, oh sure. It looks like a... Folks at home, it basically kinda looks like an aeroplane hanger.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: But with a door on it. Okay, I'm with you. I got you now. Okay. You hear the door into KepEx open and close, you have the “Closed” sign on the door, so you can only assume it’s Mama coming in, she’s the only one who would have the sort of familiarity with you, to just like, barge into your business while it’s closed, and—did you tell Mama that you were doing this?
Clint: No, I don’t think so. I— He’s— listen, he is not much of a joiner, I mean he works with them, but it’s almost like he’s a lone wolf. He’s very independent and, you know, I think he checks in, but since, you know, he’s kind of a self-appointed archivist, he feels it more important to keep track of all this information but he’s gotta get out there and find the information, doesn’t want to waste time sittin’ around talkin’ to a bunch of people about it, so I think he just kinda jumps in.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Okay. Mama sees your packed up bag and she sighs, and then she looks at you and she says
Mama: Yeah, I guess, uh—I guess someone’s gotta do it. You sure you don’t wanna draw straws or somethin’?
Thacker: Naw. [chuckles] I do not believe people we associate with have the expertise to be able to do what I’m about to do and you know that I’m the best one to find out about it.
Mama: Yeah, you make it a point to not let us forget that particular fact, Arlo. Uh, all right. Aw, dammit. Arlo, I realize we’re, you know, both gettin’ up there in age, so maybe this is a kinda weird thing to say out loud, but, uh, you’re my best friend, Arlo, and if you do not come back, I am comin’ in after you, y’hear me?
Thacker: I— I’m havin’ trouble believin’ that—I’m your best friend? Seriously? [laughs]
Griffin: She laughs too and she says,
Mama: I guess that says more about me than it does about you, Thacker.
Thacker: I think it says a lot about both of us, Madeline, [laughs] I do believe. Listen, I—trust me, I’m in and out, I will insert myself into the situatio of n and I’ll be right back, and I promise, I will tell you everything I see.
Mama: Well, since you promised.
Griffin: And she turns and opens the door, and then she stops and turns back to you one last time. She says,
Mama: Arlo, there’s—there’s one last thing what’s your password?
Griffin: And she gestures to your old-ass laptop sitting on your desk.
Griffin: It’s been nearly six years now, and you have spent most of that time just desperately lost in the blighted lands beyond the city’s walls. Your supplies lasted longer than you expected, but after several months, you had to start foraging. You found yourself wildly unprepared to do so, given your lack of knowledge about Sylvain’s edible flora and fauna, so instead you turned to the ruins of just these various cities and civilizations that you discovered during your trek. You found these small outposts and cozy villages. You even found a city that rivals the scope of the capital in size, all just completely desolate, long since abandoned once the Quell took it over. And these places, they were the most dangerous that you visited on your expedition. You had to play it stealthy to avoid detection by the beings who were driven feral by the Quell, but by far they were the most rewarding and you sort of subsisted on the supplies you found. And after the first week, you put some distance between you and the capital, and those roaming herds of blighted Sylvans grew less and less frequent, so I mean, you definitely still had to sneak around, but you were able to make shelter where you could catch your breath unassailed for decent stretches of time, and you scoured the countryside looking for any signs of the monsters that have been plaguing Kepler for so long.
Clint: So has he been lost, or has this quest just taken a hell of a lot longer than he thought it was gonna take?
Griffin: You’ve been lost for a while.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: And unfortunately, after years of searching, you are no closer to finding the source of the Abominations. What you have learned a great deal about, however, is the Quell. So, I want you to roll to Investigate A Mystery. And Arlo is, or, Thacker is—we’re using a new playbook for him—
Clint: Searcher. He is a Searcher.
Griffin: Right, the fine folks behind “Monster of the Week” are releasing an expansion for it called—
Clint: It’s called “Tome of Mysteries.”
Griffin: Yes! It’s got some really cool shit in there.
Clint: Yes, it’s got four new Hunter classes, some really cool stuff you can do with Luck, and it really kinda focuses in on Weird, and some abilities with Weird, and so, uh...
Griffin: It’s got some X-Files flavor to it, which I’m also super into. And you are playing the Searcher?
Clint: Yeah, the Searcher. It’s, I don’t know how—it’s just somebody who is out there searching for these mysteries, searching for the cryptids, trying to learn what they can about ‘em, kinda compiling knowledge on them. That just seemed natural.
Griffin: Right, it’s perfect for Thacker, and there’s also sort of a supernatural element, which is going to make sense for Thacker here in just a moment. So roll to Investigate A Mystery for me.
Clint: Okay, so he rolls an eleven—
Griffin: Holy shit.
Clint: Plus two, ‘cause he’s a plus two Sharp, so that’s a thirteen.
Griffin: That is a-mazing.
Clint: I’m likin’ the way this guy rolls!
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Literally.
Griffin: You get to Hold two questions—you Hold two and you get to ask two questions from this list—I’m gonna say because you got a thirteen on that roll, you—’cause we haven’t really worked out catching Thacker up on advancement with the other two characters, go ahead and take a third question as well, and this will represent sort of the things that you have learned about the Quell.
Clint: Okay, so of those questions, Investigate A Mystery. And where exactly is he? Tell me again.
Griffin: I think, in answering these questions, we’re going to bounce around. We’re gonna bounce around, you know, the time of your six-year expedition, and the places that you have wandered and visited and seen, and I think we’re just gonna show, like, flashes of it to answer these questions. Those questions are, by the way, “What happened here?” “What sort of creature is it?” “What can it do?” “What can hurt it?” “Where did it go?” “What was it going to do?” and “What is being concealed here?”
Clint: Okay, um, I think to start off, “What happened here?”
Griffin: Sure. So from the surface, if you were an inhabitant of this world, you would have seen the following the Quell just started to seep upward through these fissures in the ground several decades after the crystal in the capital city, the Heart of Sylvain, was shattered by those human invaders. And it looks like—it looked like a storm that was happening on the ground, and at first it was a very, very weak phenomenon. It was something that was weird, and people would check it out, and it was a topic of conversation, but not necessarily a big threat, but it grew. The fissures themselves started to grow more fissures, started to appear all around the planet, and then this living storm continued to sort of just boil over and grow out of it, and any Sylvan who came too close to these fissures, who got caught up in this living storm, they would just lose their faculties completely and become just extremely aggressive. And it kept growing and now the only place that is safe is the capital city, where people can take shelter around the crystal and the last remnants of Sylvain’s light, which is keeping this storm at bay. That is what has happened here from sort of the surface perspective.
Clint: What is being concealed here?
Griffin: What is being concealed here is the true nature of the Quell. To put it in sort of simple terms, this stuff that is coming out and surrounding this city and is making people enraged; it is the symptom. It is not the sort of like, disease itself. It is the effect that the Quell is spreading, not necessarily what the Quell is. What is being concealed here is—is what the Quell is and I think you discover what that is, uh, from some books! You find a library in one of these abandoned cities, this great just tremendous library and uh, you find a tome that you can read and it explains what the Quell is. It is what Sylvain is, essentially. It’s an entity that is intrinsically linked with the planet that it dwells within. Although, you know, despite the devastation it kind of currently sowing across the planet, it was never like vilified in the texts that you discovered. It just like a force of nature. It’s just like gravity. Where Sylvain created life, the Quell was, you know, entropy itself. It was, you know, a necessary balancing force. Sylvain existed to nourish and protect the people who lived on the planet’s surface, the Quell existed to protect Sylvain. That is what the thing is, that is what the Quell is.
Clint: Where did it go?
Griffin: The day that you find the answer to that question is the last day in Sylvain that you can remember. You were tired. You, ya know, you’ve been more lost than you’ve been willing to admit to yourself, but after such a long time you finally pick up on your old trail back to the capital and back to the archway home. And your excitement clouds your usually razor-sharp, you know, cautious hiking perception and you lose your footing while you’re navigating a particularly large fissure that you found not too far from the capital and...you fall. And you’ve fallen before in your line of work, it's not so uncommon and you know what kind of scrapes and bruises and—
Clint: —I could always get up, I—
Griffin: Yeah! But you, you realize you are falling much farther than you ever have before and as fear grips you, you feel this cool damp cloud overtake you and you lose consciousness. And then you just have these glimpses of lucidity interwoven with profound, vivid dreams. You’re experiencing memories and emotions that aren’t your own. You feel first, this intense unwavering love for Sylvain. For the planet, for the entity, all of it. You remember being in her presence in the center of everything. You remember marveling at her works, so much so that you mourned your role of keeping those works in check. But she never harbored any spite for you. And then one day, Sylvain answered her inhabitants call and she retreated to the surface and you never saw her again. And you waited for so long and she never returned and once you learned what happened, once you learned who had taken her, your hesitation to destroy her works vanished. So you began the grim task of eradicating life from the surface of the planet, making way for something new. And then, once that is finished, you’re going to find the ones who took her from you, and eradicate them too. And then you, Thacker, you are conscious again. And you are weightless, you’re floating in this enormous spherical chamber deep, deep, deep underground and you are being whipped around the room. You’re caught in just this whirlwind storm emanating from the center of the room and right there at the center you see a bright red sphere and it’s sitting perfectly still, perfectly static. And you feel the Quell’s anger just become stronger and stronger until it completely overtakes you and then a large furry paw scoops you out from the storm and pulls you through the earth and that’s the last thing you remember. [Ad break]
Griffin: I mean, go ahead and drag me, because I know it’s gonna hap— I know it’s gonna happen, and I know we won’t be able to do anymore role-playing until you drag me for my map.
Travis: [crosstalk] Okay, cool, thank you.
Griffin: So, drag me for my map, and then we can move on with the story everybody’s so excited to get to.
Justin: Okay, but here’s the thing, the map—So, in the halcyon days of Commitment, we used to mock Dad for his absolutely— and rightly so, let me say, I’m not trying to rewrite history here; they were buckwild maps that he would create with strange clipart iconography.
Travis: The ramblings of a—
Clint: A madman.
Travis: Yeah, Dad’s maps looked like the map equivalent of like, when a detective finds a serial killer’s lair. [Clint laughing]
Justin: [crosstalk] Yes.
Travis: And there’s just clippings everywhere.
Justin: An evidence dungeon.
Clint: And strange... yeah.
Justin: What Griffin has done here—
Griffin: I took the good map, it was a good map—
Travis: It was a good map.
Justin: A good map, and I guess because of the unfortunate mountain incident, he has just put what looks to be a big turd—
Clint: [crosstalk] A big bloody turd.
Justin: Just a large turd onto the map.
Travis: It looks like he let his son Henry play in Paint [Clint laughing] while ‘Oops, I had the map jpeg open. And I accidently saved it.’
Clint: If you look down at the very bottom corner of it, that almost looks like a demonic face. So I think maybe we might be glossing over that just a little bit too much.
Justin: No, it is absolutely, mind-bogglingly poorly constructed.
Travis: It looks like a Buster Sword-shaped smear of raspberry jam across the whole landscape. And Griffin—
Clint: [crosstalk] I appreciate your effort, Griffin.
Travis: Griffin, how long did it take you to do this?
Griffin: About eleven seconds.
Clint: Oh, wait! [Clint laughs] [Computer dings]
Justin: He’s updating it, as I can see.
Clint: [crosstalk] He’s updating it to add—
Justin: [crosstalk] He’s updating it in real time!
Griffin: [crosstalk] I’ll make it a different color if you guys hate it so much.
Clint: I loved it!
Justin: I didn’t get a screencap of it, though!
Griffin: Well now you never will, so eat my fucking shorts.
Clint: Leave it like that, leave it like that, it looks like fire.
Griffin: But now it looks like bacon. [Laughter]
Travis: It does look like bacon!
Griffin: It looks like a big bacon—
Justin: [crosstalk] Okay, I got a screencap. You can do whatever you want now, it’s not going to change anything.
Griffin: Okay, whatever.
Clint: [crosstalk] No, leave it as bacon.
Griffin: This is the trail of destruction that the mountaintop of Mt. Kepler created as it sort of fell down through Kepler. You can see it has destroyed the road that connects the River Side and Top Side, and now the tramway—the funicular train—is the only way to get up there reliably, although I suppose you could also just go for a very, very long hike through the Monongahela Forest because there is a back of the town as well. So, let’s do—We’ve got some housekeeping, other than my bad map, that we should probably get to—we’ve been sort of rolling with it for a while and haven’t sort of talked about game shit for a bit. We talked about Thacker, and his—oh, what does Monster of the Week call them? Playbook, the playbook he uses.
Clint: Searcher.
Griffin: Searcher.
Clint: He’s the Searcher.
Griffin: Justin and Travis, this is a new playbook from an expansion for the game where he is basically like a detective but he has supernatural powers, which come from his sort of possession.
Justin: What’s the name of the expansion? We owe them the plug.
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: It’s called “Tome of Mysteries”—Let me read you his quote “There’s still so much to be discovered and explained, even now. Perhaps only one event in a thousand is true weirdness—but I’ll investigate them all to find it.” And I will tell you something about Thacker—fun fact, that you guys don’t know—he rolls a hell of a lot better than Ned did.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Holy shit, he’s got the fucking hot hand.
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh, good.
Griffin: So we got that he’s a Searcher. He’s got some supernatural, you know, sniffin’ out weird—
Clint: Psychic. I think psychic is better.
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: Psychic is not necessarily supernatural.
Griffin: [crosstalk] I would argue that psychic abilities aren’t exactly natural. But to each their own.
Travis: [crosstalk] Yeah dad.
Griffin: Duck, you obviously— you’ve got some juice back, right? From being now like having this actual, you know, tangible closeness with Minerva. We really didn’t talk about what that means for your playbook. You were Mundane after losing your powers. What do you want? I’ll leave this up you, right, like I want you to play whatever playbook you want to play. If you want to play a, you know, strong mundane or a somewhat mundane Chosen?
Justin: No, I feel like he’s back. He’s back. He’s got his abilities. His skills. His combat skills.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: But in levelling up, I think I will take, if you’re cool with it, I think I will take a move from the mundane character sheet rather than—
Griffin: Oh that’s great, yeah.
Justin: —from the chosen character sheet.
Griffin: [crosstalk] You can do that. That’s a rule in the game. He’s not just fudging it. That’s cool.
Justin: [crosstalk] Yeah.
Travis: Yeah, because we’ve never fudged it before. God forbid that we break any of the rules.
Justin: I’m gonna go, I’m gonna keep panic button, I think. You need to escape, name the route you try and roll plus sharp. He remembers what it’s like to be mortal again. That has stuck with him.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: The fear is not completely subsided, so.
Griffin: Okay cool.
Clint: And for the record, I love the mundane playbook. I think it’s awesome.
Griffin: Oh it’s so great. It’s so great. Honestly like, you know, now that we’re nearing the endgame here, we didn’t— because we were doing these mini arcs, right, and we wanted to like, get through it. There’s so much cool shit in Monster of the Week that we just never even will get to. The other playbooks are cool. You can be a fucking angel if you want to. Not like Angel from Angel but you know, a celestial winged—
Travis: You can probably be Angel from Angel if you rolled it right.
Griffin: Almost certainly. Yeah, I mean you can be a vampire, you can be— before we found this playbook actually for dad, the searcher, there is a monstrous playbook. Where you can be, you know, part ghost or part werewolf or whatever. You kind of create your own—
Travis: Aren’t we all part ghost when you think about it, Griffin?
Griffin: Okay, thank you.
Justin: Oh that’s beautiful Trav.
Clint: By the way, Trav, one of the new hunter— one of the new playbooks in this “Tome of Mysteries” is the gumshoe.
Travis: Oh that’s cool.
Clint: Kind of like a magic detective. A magic— yeah.
Griffin: Okay, and Aubrey, just a reminder, I mean, I don’t know if you have any levelling up to do. If you’ve got any hot new stuff. We’ve kind of been doing that stuff on the fly now, as we go.
Travis: Yeah, no. I think I just levelled up near the end of that where I picked up lightning, so I think I’m okay.
Griffin: Just a reminder, you still have a minus one penalty ongoing to all of your Weird Magic rolls.
Travis: Well, I think we should establish the most important thing, which is now that we have lost access to Amnesty Lodge, I think Aubrey has been sleeping on Duck’s couch.
Griffin: I mean, that’s up to y’all. I—that’s the question, right? Things have changed, we know some things about the world; we talked about some of them in our, you know, little skits that we did [laughter] in the round-up episode. Here are just some truths about the world now, post-Collapse, which I think is the shorthand for what happened to Mt. Kepler. And then, I want to know, like, how you all have been spending— how you all have been reacting to that for the last two months— two months, two months have passed since the Collapse. So, the mountain fell, you can see the path of destruction. Shortly after that happened, the Department of Unexplained Phenomena, with the FBI, has arrived in town, and basically Top Side has been cordoned off from all residents. There are also roadblocks on the highway out of Kepler to the west and the east of town that is keeping all non-residents out of town entirely. Another thing; Mama was taken into custody shortly after the FBI arrived, and she has not returned since. Amnesty Lodge was evacuated lightning-fast before the FBI could investigate it. All your gear, as well as the residents of the lodge, have been moved elsewhere. And now, the residents, because you remember they kind of sustain themselves with the waters of the hot spring, now they get that stuff from H2-Woah, That Was Fun. You all are constantly running, you know, smuggling them up to this water park to get them topped off and then bringing them back into town. Aubrey and Janelle worked together to purge Thacker of the Quell’s influence, and, yeah. It’s been two months since the last abomination arrived and something is coming. So those are sort of some facts about Kepler post-Collapse. What’s been going on for y’all in the last two months? I don’t know necessarily that we’ll have as much to talk about with Arlo, because he sort of just snapped out of it. But, Aubrey and Duck, what are you—how have you been spending this time?
Justin: Um, I like the idea that she would be crashing with Duck, because Minerva is also crashing with Duck? [Laughter] So it’s gotten to be a very—
Clint: [singing theme to Three’s Company] Take a knock on our floor ...
Justin: I know, right, so it’s gotten to be a very crowded apartment.
Griffin: I think—Let’s just set it up that the whole apartment complex—I mean, Leo is your neighbor, he’s not just going to leave everybody out on, you know, hanging out to dry. So I think that Jake, Dani, Moira are living with him, and it is also a similarly, sitcom-y, crowded situation. Let’s also say that Barclay is living with, oh god, what was her name? I wrote it down, just in case it ever—Mrs. Pearson! Who is also one of your neighbors. You dropped that name in like episode four, and I wrote it down.
Justin: Yes. Yeah, she didn’t get to be a well-constructed Leo Tarkesian style character.
Travis: [crosstalk] Not yet!
Griffin: Yes, she took in Barclay, who is— in the same way that he helped out Mama around Amnesty Lodge, is sort of acting as a sort of assisted living... I think you said Mrs. Pearson is up there in years? And, so, Barclay is—
Justin: Yes, she’s an older, older lady.
Griffin: Barclay is living with her and helping. So, the entire—
Travis: He’s had some Tuesdays with Ms. Pearson. [Justin snorts]
Griffin: Exactly. So the Amnesty Lodge, sort of, situation has moved entirely into the apartment complex, the apartment complex that you and Leo lived in.
Travis: Yeah, we talked about this a little bit beforehand, I think that without Amnesty there, and just the way that it’s been going, I think that there’s probably a shared, kind of like— between the Hornet’s Nest, Duck’s apartment complex, and the Cryptonomica, it’s probably now like, those are probably the three HQs, I would say? Cuz, one of the things we’ve talked about, like, how have things been going, you know, as far as with the Hornets, and the Amnesty Lodge people, and just the regular residents.
Griffin: I’m okay with those conversations having not happened yet.
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh, okay.
Griffin: I’m okay with the, you know, the great skits that we did in the last episode being in the middle of this finale arc, if that makes sense.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Because I think we need to hear, I would love to hear you all, you know, assembling the troops, or making peace, however you want to describe it, right? I think we’d be doing ourselves a disservice to just leap right over. Also worth noting Hey, look at the map! Y’all made fun of me, what’s missing? The Hornet’s Nest—
Clint: [crosstalk] The Hornet’s Nest!
Griffin: Was completely destroyed by the mountaintop, it was directly in the path of it. Nobody was, you know, all of the Hornets were out looking for monsters and shit, so.
Travis: Sorry, I meant Dave’s Dehumidifier Depot. [Laughter]
Griffin: Also worth noting, the Hornet's Nest is gone. The mountaintop landed right in the Greenbrier River and has created basically a new fork in the river.
Justin: Looking at the map also, it occurs to me, I wanted to mention I was listening to the recap episode before we started, the great shame that we never revisited, um, the Darrrylll's Bait and Crossfit, the combination bait store and crossfit gym.
Clint: Put it on the map!
Griffin: I'll put it on the map, okay. Where's it at, Juice? Tell me where.
Justin: Um, it's next to City Hall. [Griffin laughs] Of course.
Griffin: There it is.
Travis: Whenever City Hall is being renovated, then Darrrylll's Bait and Crossfit is used as temporary offices.
Griffin: Spell Daryl. Is it two A's?
Justin: D-A-R-R-R-Y-L-L-L.
Clint: Three L's. [Griffin laughs]
Travis: The second L is silent.
Clint: That's [rolls R's] Darrrylll. [lengthens L]
Justin: [rolls R's] Darrrylll. "My name is Darrrylll and I'm from Indiana!" [Clint laughs]
Griffin: Is he the mayor? Is that wh— [bursts into laughter]
Justin: He's the mayor! Darrrylll from Indiana!
Griffin: Darrrylll from Indiana, his bait and crossfit store, he built it right next to City Hall so the commute would be... good. Uh, okay and of course he lives in his place of business because that's how everybody lives in Kepler, we have established.
Travis: It just makes sense.
Griffin: It just makes sense. Okay, um...
Justin: Why wouldn't you live there? You already own it, dummy! [crosstalk] It's a building, it's not a room.
Clint: [crosstalk] Why don't more people do that?
Griffin: Okay, so, uh... is there anything else that we need to set up? I mean, you haven't heard from Mama. She— she is, as far as you know, under FBI custody.
Travis: But we know where she went. It's not like she— [crosstalk] it's not like last time.
Griffin: [crosstalk] You know where she is, right. Some of you were probably there when she was, uh, arrested. Almost all of you have certainly been questioned at some point and not permanently detained in the way that Mama was. What else has happened? You were also there when Pigeon was detained. Uh, she was arrested on the spot by— after things calmed down a little bit, by the Sheriff who—
Travis: And why was she arrested?
Griffin: Uh, for shooting Ned Chicane.
Travis: [crosstalk] Oh wait, so that's illegal now?
Clint: [crosstalk] Yeah, remember Ned Chicane?
Travis: That's illegal now, to shoot a fictional character?
Griffin: Yeah that's not good, and so she is in, you know, she's been held at the Sheriff's station and the way that the FBI has sort of locked the town down she has not been extradited to the, y'know, Pocahontas County Prison because as far they are concerned, as far as the FBI are concerned she was there when shit popped off and so they don't want her going too far. So she's been having an extended stay at the Sheriff's station.
Travis: So when the episode we are recording now begins, how long has it been?
Griffin: Two months from the collapse and Thacker is just now, I think like— I think where we are hopping in is Thacker has just been resuscitated and um has, I think, probably had done some light briefing on— he was gone for six years so he probably has a lot to say but has done some catching up of the Pine Guard Crew.
Travis: Has he also gone to the restroom?
Griffin: Yes he did, thank you, Travis. Before we get to the ramifications of that, Duck I need you to roll to see your destiny. Now before you do it, have you ever rolled anything good?
Justin: No, it has never happened.
Griffin: It has always been a very very bad vision that has spelt disaster for the world. These are some of the most important rolls you make, each one's been a complete fucking beefer. So let's see, [dice rolls] how his final d— that's a six.
Justin: It's a six.
Griffin: Plus Weird.
Justin: Minus one so that's five. [Laughter]
Justin: [crosstalk] Weird indeed.
Clint: [crosstalk] Use your Luck point! Use your Luck Point!
Griffin: Oh my god, Justin! [crosstalk] I was ready to give you the world!
Justin: [crosstalk] Okay, you what I will use a Luck point. I'm gonna gi— you know what, we've only got one more arc in this, I got three Luck points left.
Griffin: This is the last one of these you're gonna make.
Justin: Yes. I'm just gonna use a Luck point. I'm gonna just have one fucking rosy dream before—
Griffin: You have a terrible fucking dream and then you have a second dream after it and—
Justin: I wake up and I'm like "I gotta piss." And then I go fall back asleep and I have a better, [crosstalk] better dream.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Cooler dream.
Justin: The first one teeth falling out, oh no!
Griffin: [laughs] The second one—
Justin: Unnerving. Not supernatural, just unnerving!
Griffin: Okay, you naturally get a 12 which I think is an 11 because of your special proclivities. Or no, it's just automatically a great, great success! And so you have a dream, I think the night after, uh, maybe even the night of Thacker's resurrection, you have a dream and you are an old, old hand at this and you know instantly that there is something special about this dream It is one of your visions. And Duck, you see the topside of town. As it stands, right now you have this bird's eye view of it and you actually see in detail how the FBI have occupied it. You see where guards are stationed, you see the fence perimeter, you see some sensors scattered around Amnesty Lodge and um, then you see this rigid, brightly lit canvas structure that they have built up around the archway in the woods. And then you're inside of that structure and you see a bunch of agents, you see a bunch of folks in lab coats and biohazard suits and you see these machines that are all positioned around the archway and monitoring activity around it. You see through a window, you see Agent Stern and he's arguing with another agent in this adjacent room and then you sort of zoom in on him and you see Stern's watch and it is 9 35 pm. And then you're back outside and this makeshift canvas installation just explodes. It just pops like a balloon as this raging storm springs out of it in every direction and this storm is pouring in a thick column out of the archway and it's just covering topside and then it spills down the cliff on the riverside and it blankets the whole town in seconds and then it spreads down the river and around the forest and then the state. And then you hear a scream and these red vein-like things shoot out of the archway and they split and multiply and they follow the path of the storm just annihilating everything that they touch.
Griffin: And then it's gone and you see your own watch and it's 9 31 and you're nervous just for a moment until you see your friends standing at your side and they're ready for action. From your position, you're on topside, you see these big groups of folks down below and they are all ready for action too and then Minerva nods and she holds her blade aloft and then a small rift opens in front of you and then others all around town open and the storm slowly emerge from them. Then you see the brilliant red heart of the Quell and you draw Beacon. And then you wake up. [music plays]
Clint: Or did you?
Griffin: Your teeth fall out! [laughter]
Clint: And you still have to pee!
Justin: [crosstalk] I thought I was eating a ding dang marshmallow! [Clint and Travis laugh]
Griffin: When you wake up, seconds later, Minerva is in your room and a minute after that Leo is knocking on your door and she says,
Minerva: Duck Newton, was it the same for you? I had a teeth dream and then a separate dream.
Duck: Yeah, yeah. I had the same thing. It was unnerving 'cause it's like I need to eat, right? But at the same time, there was a freedom to it 'cause I love milkshakes.
Minerva: ...uh yes, I'm more concerned about the vision of Kepler and the earth being destroyed.
Duck: Oh. Yeah, I'm just so used to having bad dreams I assume the first one was the real one and the second one was a fanciful, uh, firing of my neuron synapses.
Aubrey: [audibly at a distance] Hey, Duck?
Duck: Yeah, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Can I have the last waffle?
Duck: ...they’re not vegan!
Aubrey: I’m not—Duck, I’m not a vegan!
Duck: What’s the difference again?
Aubrey: I—I’m gonna eat the waffle, okay?
Duck: Alright.
Minerva: So we should probably, um, you know, rendezvous? With the—with the troops?
Duck: Did you—have you tried the waffle? Yes. Did you try—have you tried waffles yet [muffled laughter in the background] since you been over?
Minerva: No, I have not! Tell me, are they the divoted breads?
Duck: Yeah, they’re like a divoted bread so it gives ya lots uhhhhhh nooks and crannies for syrup and—
Leo: [talking over Duck, loudly] Did y’all just have the vision? About the teeth and then the explosion?
Duck: Leo, hope you’re not here for waffles, ‘cause Aubrey’s calling for the last one.
Aubrey: [still audibly in the distance] I could split it. Leo, you wanna split it?
Leo: [still half yelling] Yeah, I guess better than nothin’ [Clint laughing in the background. Duck tries haltingly to speak over Leo].
Duck: Leo, they’re not vegan.
Leo: Aw, damnit. You know me, I don’t like to sup of uh, the ovum of my [Duck laughing] friendly creatures.
Justin: [laughing] No more game! [Griffin starts laughing] No more adventure, it’s just this. It’s just this.
Griffin: Okay—uh, where do you all—when you have sort of, you know, Pine Guard business, where does that take place? Is it just like right here in the apartment, or...? [Justin starts to say something, cuts himself off] I mean I imagine it’s pretty tight quarters, you got the four Chosens, and I imagine the Amnesty residents have a vested interest in this, so they are probably in uh—they are probably present, also. [Travis and Justin talking simultaneously]
Travis: I would say—
Justin: I like the idea of it being at the Necronomicon—uh, at the Cryptonomica.
Clint: [jokingly, as the ghost of Ned Chicane] Goooo to the Cryptonomicaaaa...
Griffin: Okay, no—
Justin: Okay, no.
Travis: Yeah, so they will be—I think the Cryptonomica makes sense because, like, we could have everything set up there and—
Griffin: Sure.
Travis: —have like a table and shit, like real HQ stuff, and have our equipment and stuff there—
Justin: I also like the idea that Ned’s little buddy, whatsisname—
Griffin: Kirby.
Clint: Kirby.
Justin: Kirby, like, had big ideas for how he was gonna make it super profitable and it is just like, at a standstill because it is constantly occupied with adventure heroes.
Griffin: I think, yeah, I think that also because [huffs a laugh] no human beings can come into Kepler, his tourism diversion has been, you know, struggling.
Justin: And the people that are there, I think, have probably lost their appetite for “the weird”!
Griffin: [Griffin and Travis speaking simultaneously] Yes, absolutely.
Travis: Yes. [indistinct] Bigfoot, huh? Cool.
Justin: Ooh, spooky!
Travis: I think also we have the Crepes by Monica truck, so maybe somebody’s using that? I don’t know who, maybe that’s somebody’s mobile unit.
Griffin: I think you have access to that. I don’t see any reason why it would be in impound or something like that.
Clint: I think that’s probably what you been using to run people back and forth from H2Whoa!
Griffin: Oh, that’s a good idea. Okay. Okay! Yeah, you all, the next morning, show up to the Cryptonomica and Kirby opens the shutter, he lets you in, and he just looks so tired, he has not been doing great since Ned’s passing, and he lets you all in. He says—Does he know? Have you told him about... everything? I mean, he knows what he knows just from being a resident of Kepler. Everybody here knows that, generally speaking, shit’s pretty weird.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: But have you told him, have you filled him in on the specifics?
Travis: I would think we’d have to, if we’re meeting there. Otherwise, we’d have to like, kick him out every time we met, or like, talk in code or whatever, and that just seems exhausting.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay. Then he lets you in, and he says,
Kirby: Well, if you’re all here this can’t be... can’t be great news, what’s goin’ on?
Aubrey: Uh, you know, honestly? Same, like it—I— [sighs] We have a dream to discuss, apparently? We need to do some dream interpretation. Uh, need to see if we can figure out a way to get back through the gate, uh, do some recon... uh, let’s see, what else. Mama’s still not here, that’s uh, that’s just kind of neutral news, I would say.
Kirby: All right, I’ll put a... I’ll put a pot on.
Griffin: He says, and he walks over to the RC Cola machine and he just starts, just pounding quarters into it to get everybody some nice refreshing RC Colas as you all gather around and discuss things. So I think you all definitely have talked about what Thacker saw and what Thacker has told you, and I think the dream, since you all basically live together now, has been shared—yeah, I think Thacker’s definitely there at the—Dad has just texted me—he’s definitely there, right? Aubrey and Janelle, who is also there, you know, revived you? I don’t see any reason why they would keep you out of the loop now. You possess information on this thing that they desperately wanted to know, and now they know it.
Justin: All right, so here’s what I’m thinkin’ I think that I’m gonna start and let Duck try to sum up where we’re at, if that makes sense. [Griffin and Clint speaking simultaneously]
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: Oh boy. [laughs]
Justin: Does that make sense?
Griffin: I’d love to hear this.
Justin: You can correct me if I’m gettin’ something wrong.
Griffin: Okay.
Duck: So here’s how I understand it. There’s a planet called Sylvain, and inside that planet, there was, uh, something called Sylvain, and it’s kinda like good vibes, and like, life and creation, right? [singsong] The spark of creation. You guys see “Children of Eden?” Anyway.
Aubrey: Oh, see I was gonna say like, Captain Planet.
Duck: Mm, yeah, that’s good too. Anyway, uh, and also, in there was the Quell, was like, bad vibes and death, but like, the two of them kept each other balanced, I guess. And then, they each had their own kinda home base, right, so Sylvain had the crystal and the Quell had somethin’ else, and the crystal shattered and sent Sylvain... out, I guess—
Aubrey: Yeah, quick question—
Duck: Out into the world—
Aubrey: Janelle, do we— we don’t know where she went, right?
Janelle: We don’t know if she is even still alive, if you would call such a thing, you know, alive, in the first place. It’s possible that her spark, her energy has dissipated entirely.
Aubrey: But then I wouldn’t be able to do magic, right?
Duck: Who’s that?
Aubrey: That’s Janelle.
Janelle: We’ve met a couple times now, Duck Newton. You keep calling me “Dumbledore,” and it took me a while to figure out why. [Justin laughing]
Justin: I thought Travis said, “Do we know where Janelle is?” But he was referencing Sylvain. [Griffin and Travis speaking simultaneously]
Griffin: Right.
Travis: Yes.
Justin: Okay, not Janelle.
Travis: We’ve got a lot of characters in the room.
Griffin: Yes, it’s a big—
Justin: Yeah, and Griffin only has the three voices, so we kinda [Justin, Griffin, Travis laughing] Okay. So. All right.
Duck: So anyway, the Quell’s been running kinda roughshod, without Sylvain to keep it in check. Is that fair?
Janelle: Yes, that would describe the current devastated state of my planet, yes.
Duck: But— hey, sorry about the brevity, by the way, I’m sure it’s lacking some gravitas, from your perspective. But like, so, Thacker saw sort of the heart of the Quell, I guess, is that fair? Does that seem right to everybody?
Thacker: That is... apparently what I saw.
Duck: And so... We’ve gotta— I guess, there’s two basic options I can see to keep everything from going sideways. Um... First being, we get Sylvain back in the crystal and reassemble the crystal that shattered into a bajillion pieces; that seems, um, unlikely. The second is, we find a way to get to the heart of the Quell and fuck it up, but good. Does that seem, to me, everyone’s criteria of our current situation. Does that— Is that everyone’s understanding?
Thacker: Let me pose a question to you there, sport. What if, uh, what if getting rid of the Quell makes things even worse the other way? I mean— There— It’s a— They kinda balance each other out.
Duck: [sighs] Yeah, I mean, I hear ya, Arlo, I do. I feel like though, unless we can get Sylvain back and we don’t really have any leads on that front. Hell, Janelle doesn’t know, then what hope do we have at pulling that off? I feel like messing up the Quell is our only option here.
Minerva: I agree, enthusiastically!
Aubrey: I mean, there is a third option, right? Like, just because Sylvain is not in the crystal... maybe Sylvain is just somewhere else.  We— maybe we don’t need to put back together the crystal. We just need to find Sylvain.
Duck: I mean, if you could give me just, I mean, a dimension—
Aubrey: Oh, no, that’s all I’ve got.
Duck: You know, just—? Yeah, right, so let’s just keep mov— I love that, don’t get me wrong, man, if we could find Sylvain and have them just like, back inside the planet or whatever, that would go down real smooth by me, I don’t— I don’t hold out a lot of hope. So, assuming we are going to just beat the shit out of the Quell’s home base, Arlo, what’s the best you got on a location for that?
Thacker: Um, well, I’ll tell you what there, prince, I can, uh, I can get you the Quell, um, I— it’s more like a feeling? It’s— I’m kinda hooked up to ‘em like through a mental tether, I guess you could say. We’re gonna have to travel, you know, through the gate and go to the other side of Sylvain, and eventually I can find ‘em, I can’t put it down on a map for ya, or anything like that, it’s just gonna have to be somethin’, you know, I mentalize.
Griffin: Janelle speaks up and she says,
Janelle: I must warn you, at this point, the Quell has almost certainly completely taken over Sylvain. If you know where it is and you can lead us to it, that would be great, but the amount of resistance we will face from the Quell as we seek out its heart will be, will be tremendous.
Thacker: And I, I don’t know if y’all are up for it or not, I mean I just met ya, you may be very capable, um, but boy, it will not be easy. I mean it took me six years! And I ended up in like, flyin’ around in this room, in a storm, it’s just—it’s confusing as shit.
Aubrey: Point of order, it kind of sounded like, the way you described y’all’s dream, the Quell’s gonna come to us.
Griffin: Janelle says,
Janelle: If that occurrence arrives, then it will already be too late. Your world is not prepared to host the Quell in the way that ours is. It would spell immeasurable devastation for your planet.
Griffin: And Leo pipes up and Leo says,
Leo: Uh, I mean, I know y’all are worried about this sentient storm, or whatever—it sounds bad, sounds real, real bad, not gonna, not gonna undersell that. Let’s not forget about the, you know, well-outfitted government agency that is also standing between us and the archway. We got our work cut out for us, it’s not gonna be like we can just stroll right through that gate in the first place.
Thacker: That’s gonna be up to somebody else. Once we get through the gate, I’ll get you there. We’ll take like a group of, of—We’ll do a fellowship—The Fellowship of the Quell—but, gettin’ past them people, that—you fellas are gonna have to handle that.
Aubrey: Well, it seems to me that what we would need then is a distraction, and what we have is a pretty big gang that does like, stunts and shit. That seems like a preeeeeeetty significant distraction. Uh, if we can get, you know, that government agency on their tail, like, uh—you know, like, that one part in E.T., when they’re all chasin’ the kids on the bikes and then the bikes go flyin’ through the air, like that?
Thacker: Oh man, the John Williams music! Can we get that, like, recorded or somethin’, play it back while we’re doin’ it? ‘Cause that’d be really cool.
Aubrey: I’ll try to contact John Williams’ people and see if we can get the rights to it, Arlo, but I think maybe if we can get a distrac—the thing is, it’s gonna be like a one shot deal, we won’t be able to come in and out of the gate like we used to, so it seems like we’d need to be ready whenever that happens.
Duck: It seems like it might be a one-way trip.
Thacker: [laughing] Oh, yeah, I guarantee it. You don’t have to worry about the return trip, ‘cause odds are, we ain’t gonna be makin’ one.
Duck: Well, regular ray o’ sunshine there. You know, it sucks— the thing I keep thinkin’ about is, gettin’ past a group of government agents, you know, [chuckles, sighs] there is one person who woulda been perfect for that... I don’t know. Um, yeah, I guess we could talk to, talk to the Hornets, and see if they can come up with something.
Thacker: Yeah.
Aubrey: You think it’s worth talking to the Sheriff and see if we can get him to play along?
Duck: Man, he’s been so heads-down, just goin’ after, you know, parking tickets and shit ever since things went all weird, I think he hasn’t had much appetite for uh, grand affairs of the supernatural.
Aubrey: There’s Stern?
Duck: Yeah, I don’t know whose side he’s on, honestly, at this point.
Griffin: I think you haven’t seen hide nor hair of him since the FBI moved into town.
Justin: Yeah, but would it be safe to assume that like, there’s no reason to think he would have any—
Travis: Yeah—
Griffin: I would s—
Justin:—allegiance, it’s not like we formed a lot of bonds with Stern—
Travis: The only thing I’m thinking is like, we know him—
Justin: You know like— he’s a believer, right? But there would be no reason to think that he...
Griffin: I think that Aubrey certainly formed... a camaraderie with him, because they lived together for nearly a year, but also I think, when the FBI rolled up into town, it was instantly like “Get the fuck out of here, this is our— this is locked down government shit,” and I think Agent Stern was the only one sort of trying to soften the blow a little bit, trying to—
Justin: Has he made any effort to contact us in the two months since?
Griffin: No, no he has not. He has not.
Clint: And to add to that, he probably is not real happy about having the whole case taken away from him either.
Griffin: Absolutely not, yes. Um, so yeah, you are not entirely sure. Janelle speaks up again and she says,
Janelle: I must warn you, when you open up that gate, you can cross through, but I have every expectation that the Quell or pieces of it are going to make their way across as well, and if we can control it, if we can defend Kepler from it, while you all accomplish your mission on the other side, then perhaps we can stave off the planet’s destruction, but if you open a door, it opens both ways. I believe having the sheriff—I believe having as many people on our side as we possibly can get is a necessary precaution.
Duck: All right, so, lemme see if everybody’s on board with this seems like first up, we gotta get the Hornets on our side, and then we gotta get them distractin’ the FBI, so we maybe can get Agent Stern back on our side, so he can help us get Mama back on our side, and then we go over to the other side—This got away from me, but uhhh, basically, we need about a million things to go exactly right before we even get a chance to go to the nether realm and die. Does that—does everybody feel pretty good about this summation of our current situation?
Griffin: You hear a voice come from the direction of the entrance of the Cryptonomica, and it says,
Indrid: Yes, and it’s a fine plan, folks...
Griffin: And then a sketchbook flies into the center of the circle of people gathering here, and it lands at your feet, and you see depicted within, all of these images of Kepler destroyed and your party being overcome by this living storm, and each one more terrifying than the last, and you look up at where the voice and the book came from, and you see in the doorway, his Winnebago parked outside behind him, Indrid Cold, who says,
Indrid: It could probably use a bit more work. [Amnesty theme plays]
