Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Griffin: And as you come to, you see a black imperial crown coupe wrapped around a tree.
Ned: Whoa, sorry old friend.
Clint: I gotta run into the woods!
Griffin: It is a note, written on the back of a Cryptonomica postcard “For my cut, not quite even yet. I’ll be in touch.”
Griffin: As you reach towards the crystal, the prevailing feeling you have right now, in this moment, is one of absolute certainty that you are dying. As you fall, you land in a flower bed. Your right eye is now this dark orange hue.
Minerva: Surely you saw it, Duck, you saw in your vision, the meteor.
Duck: Yeah.
Minerva: It was coming for me. You need to finish what I started. Go to him.
Griffin: You see the face of the person holding this blade Leo Tarkesian, your neighbor and friendly local grocer clears his throat and says,
Leo: We should probably talk. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Griffin: Welcome back to The Adventure Zone Amnesty, 2019 edition. It’s been seven years since we recorded an episode. [Justin laughs]
Griffin: Is this the one where we talk about medical history?
Travis: Yes.
Justin: No.
Clint: This is the etiquette one, right?
Griffin: Yeah, you wouldn’t know, ‘cause we’re four rude mother— motherfudgers.
Travis: Griffin!
Justin: [laughing] Love it! Yessir.
Travis: Griffin, we’ve talked about your blue comedy before.
Griffin: Welcome to blue collar comedy tour, the podcast. We’re four yokels— Griffin, Justin, Travis and... Bob the cable man. And we’re so excited to bring to you The Adventure Zone, and we’re gonna play Monster of the Week.
Justin: In this arc. In this arc, four rough and rowdy comedians have been sucked through a portal and are charged with doing uh... battle with the forces of evil. I, of course, play Ron “Tater Salad” White [Griffin and Clint laugh] And uhm... I’m really excited about this role—
Griffin: [crosstalk] He’s a paladin.
Justin: Paladin.
Griffin: It’s great.
Travis: I play Jeff Foxworthy, who is in this universe an actual fox. An anthropomorphic fox-man.
Griffin: And Ron White should be known in his paladin name is Ron the White.
Justin: Ron the White,
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Tater Salad.
Clint: So you’re leaving Larry the Cable Guy for me?
Travis: You could do the guy with the signs.
Clint: Bill Engvall! No, I’ll be Engvall. I’ll be Billy.
Travis: Yeah, Engvall with his signs would probably be some kind of divination class.
Justin: Divination—
Clint: [crosstalk] Here’s your omen. [Griffin laughing] Here’s your omen.
Griffin: Larry the Cable Guy could be like a tinker class.
Travis: Yeah!
Griffin: Or perhaps like a thief or something that can work with traps. Like a trapper of some sort.
Justin: Or, here’s what I— Here’s what I—
Travis: [crosstalk] What about a bard named Larry the Fable Guy.
Griffin: Ooh, that’s quite great.
Justin: That’s very good.
Griffin: Well, okay. So.
Justin: Since we’re jumping through time and portals and stuff, maybe it could be Cable the Cable Guy.
Travis: Ooooh!
Griffin: Ohhh.
Travis: I like that!
Justin: From Marvel.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, Ned—
Clint: [crosstalk] Why are we not recording this? This is good stuff.
Griffin: Yeah, real—
Justin: Real good.
Griffin: Real quick Ned, Aubrey, and Duck killed the last big monster and the world is safe. Thanks for listening to TAZ Amnesty. Now it’s time to move on to this great season of podcasting that we have just devised over the last three minutes. [Clint laughing]
Griffin: I would kill for this—
Justin: Hey, let’s pick a name for it, so people can get on our nerves about it.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Yes, it’d be F— I mean, The Adventure Zone Funny. Just to keep it sort of the convention. Um, no. We’re gonna do a Lunar Interlude for our current arc. Just to like— we haven’t done a “The The Adventure Zone Zone” about Amnesty since we’ve been in it, sort of, by my guess I think, we’re probably like halfway through it. I wanna say. This is gonna be a shorter one than TAZ Balance. And uh... I also feel like it’s getting a lot more freeform than TAZ Balance was towards the end. I think we all tried to make this beginning of Amnesty kind of more structured and um... I don’t know, narrative heavy like the end of Balance was. And I think that the way the game has sort of moved, it’s been a lot more freeform. So when I say it’s like halfway through, I’ve no fucking idea. But it feels like we’re about there. And we’re gonna do like level up stuff and Heathcliff stuff. Yeah, you wanted to do the Lunar Interlude this time like based on what kind of progression you wanted. Based on what thing you chose as your level up ability
Justin: Right.
Griffin: Rather than me doing like “Hey, you’re going on a ski trip and then for no reason at all, you know, Duck eats some good soup and his sharp skill increases.” Instead of doing that, like having some sort of narrative justification for it. So, that’s what we did this time—
Travis: It also— there have also been like scenes that... I’ve wanted to— You know, a scene— Specifically one that we’re doing today. That I’ve wanted to do but it feels weird to stop in the middle of hunting a monster to be like “And now let’s do this!”
Griffin: Yeah, for sure.
Travis: This works out well.
Griffin: Yeah, I’m really enjoying the game. I agree that the constant kind of tension of “there’s a monster on the loose that could kill somebody” does kind of lend itself to railroading a bit. Like Travis said, it’s tough to be like, “okay and then you go take a pottery class while, you know, the Bandersnatch gets the— eats up the kids”. I didn’t watch that Black Mirror episode but I think that’s what it’s about. So, who wants to start? I’ll leave it up to you guys. Who is the most randy for RPG.
Justin: Let Ned go ‘cause there’s somebody at my door.
Griffin: Okay,
Clint: Okay, great!
Griffin: we’re gonna let Ned go first. Um, Ned.
Clint: Yes!
Griffin: You’ve told me what you want your progression thing to be and what the scene is going to be, so. Let’s hop right into it. Ned, you— this, by the way, takes place in like the couple of months between the December hunt and I guess next one will be the February hunt. So this is sometime in that stretch of time. We don’t have to all take place at the same time. But it’s in there. Ned, you find yourself at Whistles’ auto shop and trusted used car dealership. It is the automotive hotspot for all of Pocahontas County and you are standing there as a tow truck sort of loudly deposits the still mangled wreckage of your Lincoln Continental in the lot, where the shop’s proprietor, Whistles, eyes it over with concern.
Travis: Now Griffin, I’m sorry. Is he whistling as he eyes it over or is his name Whistles?
Griffin: His name is Whistles and this is a name that Justin said off-handedly during some Duck lie and now he breathed life into this great character Whistles, the auto dealer.
Travis: Okay, and one additional question on this auto dealership, has anyone ever been frozen in a block of ice as a publicity stunt?
Griffin: Uh, yes. Clint McElroy, [Clint gasps] who is sort of a plane-walker [Clint wheezes] between our worlds.
Clint: We have esta— That is canon, right? We’ve established I am able to move from plane to plane.
Travis: That is true, yes. ‘Cause he does appear also in Adventure Zone Balance.
Clint: And I was frozen in a giant block of ice in a used car dealership once.
Griffin: That is true.
Travis: [crosstalk] That’s the reference I was making!
Clint: I know! I know!
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: So Whistles looks at like the mangled corpse of your Lincoln Continental and says,
Whistles: Well, Ned, ya really don’ it this time.
Ned: How old are you, Whistles? You sound like Gabby Hayes from the old western movies.
Whistles: That’s a pretty whack way to meet somebody, to say hi to ‘em. [Travis laughing] But uh... I’m 51 years old.
Ned: Wow.
Whistles: Yeah, no. It’s a hard livin’. [hysterical laughing]
Ned: Hard living here in Kepler!
Whistles: So uh, what the hell did ya do to his car, Ned? It looks like it got run over by a train.
Ned: Close! Close. It was the... tram thing, over the ski... hill. The—
Travis: Nailed it, got it in one.
Ned: The uh... I know the name of it. It’s the funiculi. Funiculi! Ran into my car. It’s— I’m sitting there, minding my own business, and this jumps out and attacks my car. But it’s salvageable, right?
Whistles: Oh, Ned, no. I mean, it’s a lil bit cost prohibitive to fix this. Ned, this thing’s beyond the point of no return. This car’s up in heaven now, Ned. This is Jesus’ car.
Ned: Oh...
Whistles: This is not somethin’ I can fix, or any human being can fix. So uh, sorry to tell ya, but no. There’s some good parts in there maybe. Maybe there’s some good parts in there. There’s, you know, still some demand for these antique car components. I might be able to find a trade for you somewhere in the lot.
Ned: There’s an 8-track player, a great 8-track player, I’d really love to hang on.
Whistles: I can get that one out for you. There’s still chance to sell it on a flea market or something like that.
Ned: And I’ve still got a bunch of shit in the trunk. So I need to get that out too, right?
Whistles: I mean, yes Ned. Why do you even need to ask me that? That’s weird.
Ned: Well, I didn’t know it was gonna be totalled. I really thought you’d be able to work that Whistle-magic and fix her right up.
Whistles: Uh, magic’s not real, Ned. [Travis and Justin laughing] I’m a mechanic, I use tools and stuff. I’ll tell you though, I don’t wanna leave you hangin’ out to drown. I’ll do a trade for ya. Obviously it ain’t gonna be another classic Continental, but uh. We’ll find something on the lot worth at least the parts I’ll be able to strip out of this thing.
Clint: Okay, so. Just to kinda... This is how long after the last hunt?
Griffin: I don’t know, you tell me.
Clint: You said a couple of months, right?
Griffin: Somewhere in between like the late December hunt and the February, which will be the next arc.
Clint: Okay! Well, here’s the thing. Obviously, with the end of the last episode he’s kinda feels some guilt that he hasn’t been a more active team member.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: He has an idea of what he wants to get and he’s wandering around this lot, is Whistles doing that whole “used car salesman hanging all over, hovering—”
Griffin: [crosstalk] Oh yeah. I think, yeah you and Whistles hop in a few different cars, like there’s an Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera that’s kinda beat up, there’s an old manual Yugo, there’s a—
Travis: Maybe an old, kind of rusty yellow VW Bug but it has a spark of life in it.
Griffin: Oooh.
Travis: It’s Bumblebee.
Griffin: An AllSpark of life. Yeah, there’s probably Lincoln Town Car, just like trying some stuff out.
Justin: Griffin, you really put Transformers in this thing? What’s up?
Griffin: Uhm. I mean.
Justin: Hey, I hear you guys talking about Transformers like, are you going to put Transformers in this motherfucker?
Griffin: Don’t spoil the surprise ending.
Travis: Oh, is that our next? We gotta hunt a Transformer?
Griffin: Well, the next one is gonna be the blue collar comedy tour, boys. And Transformers—
Clint: [crosstalk] And then hunt the Transformer.
Justin: Transformers Generation—
Travis: [crosstalk] Thus Adventure Zone Gasoline. [Clint laughing]
Clint: Okay, so Ned. All right. Ned spots something, [Travis gasps] there on the lot. And he remembers what Victoria was telling him about fate and luck and destiny. And it’s this humongous food truck. A gigantic food— the biggest food truck Ned has ever seen. And painted at the side of it, it says “Crêpes by Monica” [pronounced like “kreps”]. There was a lady called Monica in Kepler, who is— who tried to make a go of it with the food truck business. Selling crêpes. But this is, you know, this is—
Griffin: Sorry. Sorry, sorry, sorry. You call ‘em “craps”?
Justin: Did you just say “craps”, dad? How much—
Travis: Is it “craps”?
Clint: It’s crêpes [pronounced like “craps”].
Travis: Crêpes! [pronounced like “crayps”, the American pronunciation] It’s “crayps”!
Clint: [crosstalk] It’s not “crayps”—
Griffin: [crosstalk] It is for sure— It is for sure “crayps”!
Travis: [crosstalk] It is!
Clint: Do you say “crayp-paper”?
Travis: Yes!
Justin: You’re perfect, don’t—
Griffin: [crosstalk] Don’t change a thing.
Justin: —change nothing. They’re now “craps”.
Clint: Okay, so. So, this is obviously—
Travis: “Monica’s Creeps”.
Clint: A fried—
Justin: [singing] Doomsday crêpers!
Clint: A fried baloney sandwich market. Creeps— Crêpes [“Crayps”] are not gonna be very popular. So Ned looks at this and has this epiphany that with just a little bit of paint he could change “Crêpes by Monica” into “Cryptonomica”.
Griffin: Ooh! That’s quite good.
Travis: Oh, I see!
Justin: Okay, yeah!
Clint: And it could be a rolling headquarters for whatever the hell the three of them are called. And with surveillance equipment inside, some weapons and he can roll around
Justin: Damn, I can tell you’re a writer.
Clint: like a mobile headquarters. But at the same time, you’re hiding right under their noses because it’s gonna look like a rolling billboard for Cryptonomica, but it’s really their mobile base.
Griffin: And are you gonna get of the “Crêpes by Monica” sort of paint job and write “Cryptonomica”
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: Or is it—
Clint: Yeah, it won’t take very much at all. Just a little bit of paint to change
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: “Crêpes by Monica” into “Cryptonomica”.
Griffin: Uh, I mean. Let’s resolve this. You’re talking about borrowing a move from the Professional playbook. The mobility—
Clint: [crosstalk] Yes, the mobility. Yup.
Griffin: Yeah. So, for that you have a truck, van or car built for monster hunting or crêpery. Choose two good things and one bad thing about it, and then there’s some tags roomy; surveillance gear; fast; stealthy; intimidating; classic; medical kit; sleeping space; toolkit; concealed weapons; anonymous; armoured; tough; monster cage. So two of those.
Clint: I’m gonna go with surveillance gear and concealed weapons. Like night vision, stuff like that.
Travis: Flashlights.
Clint: Flashlights.
Griffin: I’m into that. Like radio scan— Like you guys don’t have a lot of ways to
Clint: A police scanner.
Griffin: scan the town. Yeah. I think that’s a very logical choice. And then for concealed weapons is it like stuff inside like Men in Black style, you like press on a panel and some guns come out? Or is it on the outside?
Clint: I don’t know how we would justify that.
Griffin: The outside one, I think, would be much harder— Like if a chaingun comes out of the top. In the shape of a crêpe, like that is way harder to justify than you have secret, hidden weapons inside the panels of the truck.
Travis: But I think you could say in a food truck, there are probably lots of cabinets and stuff.
Griffin: Oh for sure!
Travis: Like where you could definitely store weapons. So that if we were ever like stopped by cops or whatever—
Griffin: [crosstalk] And had to fight them!?
Travis: No!
Griffin: Oh, yes.
Travis: But they wouldn’t be like,
Justin: Woah, twist!
Travis: Why are you travelling with like eight shotguns.
Griffin: All right. Is that what you want? [Clint sighs] If you want a different tag—
Clint: You know what, I’ll tell you what. It might make more sense for it to be something like a tool thing. You know, I don’t want Ned all of the sudden to become the Terminator and have all this firepower.
Travis: Well now, hold on. What if he does, though?
Griffin: [laughing] Yeah, toolkit is one of the things. So, that can be the tag if you want.
Clint: I don’t know.
Travis: No, that does fit! Because like that was pretty well established with Ned that the trunk was full of stuff that he needed.
Griffin: Oh yeah. Yeah, that’s it! This is your bag of holding, right?
Clint: There you go.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah, the toolkit— the toolkit is a way to finally sort of have a mechanical like justification for the fact that Ned can have whatever the fuck he wants whenever he wants it.
Clint: All right.
Griffin: Okay, so toolkit and surveillance gear and then bad things loud; obvious; temperamental; beaten-up; gas-guzzler; uncomfortable; slow or old. You have to pick one of those.
Clint: I think “obvious” because it got “Cryptonomica” written on the side of it.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure. Okay, that’s great. Write that down somewhere if you do not mind.
Clint: I just did! [laughs] [smugly] ‘Cause I know how to play this game.
Griffin: Okay, so you’re in the driver seat there with Whistles and— his name is plural, right? Yes, okay. And he says,
Whistles: All right, well this one’s a interesting choice, Ned. Gotta warn you, brakes don’t work super good, you’re gonna need to start pressin’ that pedal pretty far in advance to where you actually wanna stop. No—
Ned: Good to know.
Whistles: No AC, so if you wanna get this thing, you know, sellin’ enchiladas or whatever have you, it’s gonna get a little hot back in the kitchen.
Ned: Well, we only have— We only have, you know, adventures in like the fall and the winter. So I don’t think it’ll be that big of a problem.
Whistles: It’s good to hear about your enchilada adventures. [Travis and Justin laugh] Excited for that to come up. So I’m gonna head inside and start drawing up the paperwork. You go ahead and get familiar with your new ride.
Ned: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Griffin: And he hops out of the car and you are sort of poking around the front panel—
Travis: Enjoy your whip!
Griffin: “Crêpes by Monica”. And you know, looking around in the compartment up in the sunvisor, see if there’s any, you know, if anybody left any money in here, I guess. And the passenger door opens and someone hops quickly into the front seat. And he—
Ned: Look, I said I’d take it. Quit with the high-pressure stuff.
Griffin: And uh, he says,
Boyd: Doin’ a bit of ca’ shopping—
Griffin: I don’t— I don’t want to do a British accent anymore. This is the second time I’ve bailed from doing a British accent on this show. Hm. He says, because he was in prison and his voice changed while he was in prison—
Clint: Yeah, that happens.
Griffin: It happens.
Boyd: [rough] Hey there, Ned. It’s been a bit, hasn’t it?
Griffin: And it’s Boyd Mosche.
Ned: Mosche... Oh... I’ve wondered when—
Griffin: I don’t think— Have you? You’ve described Boyd before, right? Like he’s big, he’s like built. He’s like a strong dude. Is like— Have you like... laid out any other sort of visual—
Travis: Looks badass, I believe is what was said.
Griffin: He looks badass is yeah, so I guess he is like a fucking— he's wearing a Punisher t-shirt. Although I don't know what that means.
Clint: I don’t— I think he’s uh... I think he’s a good looking guy. I mean, I think he’s, you know, can be very persuasive. Nice looking fella.
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: I think everything about Boyd Mosche is colored in Ned’s mind because he, you know, he sees Boyd as being the root of all of his problems.
Travis: I’ve always pictured him as kind of like Jason Statham.
Griffin: Huh, okay. Uh... well then I have to make him British again.
Clint: Then you gotta go back to the British accent.
Travis: You can do it, Griffin.
Justin: Why does Travis get to pick what dad’s imaginary friend looks like? [Clint laughing]
Travis: ‘Cause I’m dad’s imaginary friend.
Griffin: He says,
Boyd: [British accent] Hello there, Ned. It's been a bit, hasn't it?
Ned: Oh... Mosche... Wondered when you were gonna pop up. Where's my stuff?
Griffin: He’s also kinda looking around the car like you were, uh, just moments ago before he hopped in. And he says—
Boyd: Well that's, uh, that's quite a way to greet an old friend there, Ned. You’ll—
Ned: If you were an old friend, I’d greet you as an old friend, but actually you're a dick who ruined my life, so let's get on with the conversation, okay?
Griffin: He looks at you, and he's kinda like agog for a second, and then he starts laughing and he's like,
Boyd: Uh, I’m sorry if I got things confused. Last time we spoke, we were in a car, bit smaller than this one, and it was wrapped around a tree— uh, I’m fine by the way— and then you left me for dead, as you ran off into the woods with our loot. So, you're saying that I ruined your life. That's... that’s one way to sort of frame this situation.
Ned: We wouldn't have been there in the first place if it hadn't been for you. We wouldn't have been on the road, driving like crazy people, if it hadn't been for what you did at the house. And you were the one behind the wheel! So don't blame me for your shitty driving.
Griffin: He sighs, and he just starts looking around the car and he says,
Boyd: Wait a minute, are you trading in your Continental? [Ned sighs] I've got to say, I'm surprised. This one doesn't seem to have that Ned Chicane flair that I've come to expect from you.
Ned: Remember the car you wrecked before? Now imagine the Continental wrecked in the exact same way. So you're not the only one having bad vehicular issues.
Griffin: [chuckles] He laughs and he says,
Boyd: Ah, that’s... life has a funny way, as Alanis would say. So listen, Ned, I’m not here to further complicate your life. Although I think I have every right to. Believe it or not, Ned, I’ve actually gone clean. I’ve been rehabilitated as they say. My life of crime is behind me, save for taking your belongings, [crosstalk] Ned, I would—
Ned: [crosstalk] Yeah, I was gonna say, did that happen before or after you stole all my stuff?
Boyd: Well, some of that, I think to be fair, and I think you would admit this as well, was also mine. But I wouldn’t consider that a crime. Listen, I’ll give you your things back, I promise. I don’t need— I have no need for your trophies. I just need something from you first.
Ned: Okay. What?
Griffin: He’s got a little messenger bag he starts rooting around in as he talks. And he says,
Boyd: Well, I’ve got no prospects in this country, Ned. I wanna go home. But I need a little nest egg to help me get started before I go and you’re just the man to get it for me. I would do it myself but I’m on parole, Ned, I have to be a good boy.
Ned: Hm. Of course.
Griffin: He says,
Boyd: I know you’re not much for art, Ned, but have you ever heard of a sculptor named Madeline Cobb?
Ned: Uhm... Madeline Cobb, Madeline Cobb... No... Not familiar.
Boyd: Oh, she’s brilliant. She’s very reclusive and her works are worth quite a bit of money. Particularly this one, it’s called Shade Tree.
Griffin: And he hands you a small printout of this wooden sculpture. Looks like it’s about two feet tall and it’s just this— intricately carved out of this bright, lustrous wood. It depicts this rhododendron tree, carved in breathtaking detail and beneath it is a figure sort of lying and looking upward into the tree’s branches. It is a lovely sculpture. And Boyd says,
Boyd: Shade Tree is valued at a high six figures. I’ve got a fence lined up who will get me just that if I can bring it to him. Which will be enough to get me a new life back across the pond. You steal Shade Tree for me and I’m out of your hair for good.
Ned: Look, I’ve gone straight, too. I— I— uh, I’m a very reputable dealer of antiquities, uh, I run my own high quality museum. I am beloved in the community.
Justin: If you— If you listen closely you can hear dad’s buttcheeks flex as he attempts violently not to imitate Griffin’s accent. [Travis and Griffin laugh] He keeps wanting to veer wildly into it, but he’s gripping on for dear life.
Clint: It’s tough, it’s really tough.
Justin: [laughing] It’s difficult—
Clint: Blimey, it’s hard.
Justin: Pr— pr— Cor blimey, I’m very proud of you. [Travis and Griffin laughing]
Griffin: He says—
Clint: Squire!
Griffin: He says,
Boyd: Well, I appreciate that you’ve managed to turn your life around while I did our sentence in the clink, Ned, but I’m only asking you for one job. And frankly it’s a cakewalk. You don’t even have to go that far, Ned, I’ve done a bit of scouting since I’ve been in town and I found where Madeline lives. Get this she runs an inn right here in Kepler. [music “Broken and Entered” by Griffin McElroy begins]
Griffin: And he hands you a small stack of photographs taken surreptitiously from behind some branches of the woods. And they’re photographs of Amnesty Lodge. [music plays then fades out]
Griffin: So, Travis, you wanted to do a scene with Janelle, where you sort of are talking to her about the—
Travis: Yes, my magical guide, Janelle Monáe.
Griffin: Yeah, I’m okay with that headcanon.
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: And you sort of talk about the nature of your magic stuff, which has, I think, developed over the last arc or so.
Travis: Yeah, I've really gotten good at this whole magic thing!
Griffin: Sometimes. Sometimes you drop a [crosstalk] Pizza Hut sign on all your friends.
Travis: [crosstalk] I can do it all!
Griffin: Uh, that is true. So, I think your training with Janelle— I like the idea of you all sparring. I think your training sessions have gotten a lot less, you know, you... levitating rocks on Dagobah, and more like, you know, full blown wizard duels as you sort of work on your magic together. And, so you're in this large banquet hall in the castle in Sylvain. It gives you a lot more space to spar. And Janelle pulls up a pant leg and stomps on the ground and this huge chunk of stone cracks out of the floor and starts flying at you. What do you do?
Travis: Uh, dive out of the way, and it's magically inspired, like a wind blows the stone one way as it blows me the other.
Griffin: Okay, I like that. How do you retaliate?
Travis: I would say... big fireball sent towards her head.
Griffin: Classic. Roll... I see you in roll20 here, why don't you roll plus weird. And if you really hard fail this one, this may be the end of Janelle, which would be a tragedy.
Travis: It was 8. Well, plus weird, that's a 10.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, out of 10 you, uh, throw a fireball at her and she tries to do like, the same maneuver you just did. She tries to raise up this wall of water to actually just, like, sizzle out the fireball effortlessly but it actually, like, the force of your fireball knocks her backwards. And she falls to the ground, and she looks at you. And she looks very impressed, and your duel comes to an—
Aubrey: Oh shit, are you okay?
Griffin: She laughs and she says,
Janelle: You will need to try a little bit harder if you wanted to really hurt me, Aubrey, but yes, I’m more than okay. I am proud. You have come so far since we first met. It is fascinating to me, both from, you know, an arcane studies perspective and now as also, you know, a friend. I’m excited for you, Aubrey.
Aubrey: And we are friends, aren't we, Janelle? I do— That's nice to hear. And friends, friends talk about things, don't they? They share things, they don't judge each other.
Janelle: Is this like a relationship thing, because I would not be
Aubrey: No.
Janelle: great at— Okay.
Aubrey: I’m fine with that. Um, I need— [hums nervously] I need to talk to you, and— Hmm. You're gonna be mad.
Janelle: Okay.
Griffin: She pulls up a chair. She casts a spell and, like, fixes the table and the banquet hall, which almost certainly got exploded during your duel, and pulls up one of the chairs as it sort of reforms beneath her, and she sits down and says,
Janelle: I’m listening.
Aubrey: Okay, if I tell you this, I need you to promise that you're not gonna, like... Don't react—
Janelle: Aubrey, this is not a great way to tell somebody something. What happened?
Aubrey: I know that, but I don't want you to, like. get really mad and yell or anything.
Janelle: You have my word.
Aubrey: Hmm. How to... How about I step backwards into this and ask this question. Has anyone from my side of the gate ever touched that crystal out there? Hypothetically.
Janelle: Uh, that is hard to say, Aubrey. Obviously we were under centuries of assault from—
Travis: And Aubrey takes off her sunglasses.
Griffin: I don't think she knows what that means. I get the gesture here, but I definitely— I don't think she's seen like the multicolored eyes. And she's just like talking and not paying attention. She's like,
Janelle: Uh, the crystal was shattered and Sylvain left us, in some capacity [crosstalk] when the crystal was shattered.
Travis: [crosstalk] And Aubrey just kinda starts pointing to her orange eyeball.
Griffin: And she looks up at you and says,
Janelle: Oh! Goodness, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Yeah. So, I touched it... That's one, I guess, that's bullet point one.
Griffin: She doesn't look, like, angry or disappointed. She looks like she's— like instantly, like her instant reflexive reaction is like, it looks like she's trying to solve a math problem in her head, like she is trying to work something out, as you fess up.
Aubrey: And when I touched it, did you— I don't know if you noticed the little kind of impromptu garden that sprung up around the crystal. Did you maybe notice that in the last, like, month?
Griffin: She stops her, like, calculation and looks up at you and just wordlessly nods.
Aubrey: So like, bullet point two, I touched it. I felt like I was dying, like it was Flowbee-ing all of the power out of me. “Oh, I pull hand off. Woah!” And then there's flowers, orange eyeball, and I— Yeah. So is that what you all feel when you touch the crystal?
Griffin: She has like long since gone back to her calculation, and then she like suddenly stands up with a start and she like looks around the room to make sure that it's just the two of you in there, and she says,
Janelle: You need to come with me right now, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Aww, am I in trouble?
Griffin: She is already like walking away, towards the door.
Aubrey: Okay!
Griffin: And she leads you out of the banquet hall, and down this long hallway, past a couple detachments of guards. And she takes you into this large chamber that, looking at the opposite wall from the one you entered from, you can tell is actually behind the royal hall from where you first met the ministers of this world during your first trip to this place. You see the three columns that they climb up on to hold court. And in the center of this room, there is, you know, there's marble floor. Right in the center of it is a crest depicting this large, orange crystal in front of the castle. And as you and Janelle step on it, she waves her hand and this circular crest lights up and then starts descending into the ground, and then you're just riding this platform downward. And very quickly, you enter into this massive, massive chamber. It honestly looks like where Heathcliff lives, like you cannot even perceive the true scope of this chamber, it is so massive. [music “Sylvain” by Griffin McElroy fades in] And right in front of you, as you descend, you can see the heart of Sylvain. It is a huge crystal, it looks similar to the one that you see on the surface in, like, the courtyard in front of the castle. And in fact you can even tell that this crystal is poking up through the ceiling of this chamber and sort of iceberg-like, is sort of poking up into that courtyard and that's where people interact with it, but it's so huge, it stretches below the surface, below your feet, into just pitch black that you can't even see the bottom of it. And this platform lowers down to this sort of curved observation deck, as it stops there and you can just see this awe-inspiring gigantic crystal. It's not the radiant orange gem depicted on the crest, it's nearly colorless, there is just a hint of orange just getting drowned out by this cloudy gray, but it is still like awe-inspiring. [Music fades out] So you get on this observation deck that kinda curves around this chamber and the the right aways, you can actually see a familiar face. You see Alexandra, the young interpreter whose thoughts you apparently read a couple episodes ago, she's sitting cross-legged on a cushion facing the crystal. Her eyes are closed, and Janelle kinda puts a finger to her lips and gestures you away from her so as to not to disturb her, and she takes you to another part of the observation deck and is sort of leaning on a railing, overlooking the crystal. And she says,
Janelle: So... This is Sylvain. This is what it really looks like. You’re the first--
Aubrey: Uh-huh.
Janelle: As far as I know, you're the first human to ever see this.
Aubrey: Well, thank you? So am I in trouble? Like let's get back to this “in trouble” thing.
Janelle: It’s hard to say, Aubrey. You're not in trouble with me, but you are very much in danger.
Aubrey: Well that's not better!
Janelle: I’m not gonna sugarcoat it, Aubrey. There are things you need to understand before you can understand the shape of that danger. This is Sylvain, this is the heart of her. This is the thing that sustains all life on this planet. It is the source of all magic that we know of. Um. It WAS the source of those things I should say. Sylvain, the entity inside of it; the entity that sustained this world is gone now. And as a result, this planet cannot sustain us. The corruption beyond our city's walls, the same corruption that inhabits your Pine Guard chronicler; it is a reaction to Sylvain's disappearance. We call it the quell. It is not a malevolent force, Aubrey. It is doing what it thinks it needs to do to salvage the planet. It is killing us before we can kill it.
Aubrey: Where did Sylvain go?
Janelle: Nobody's quite sure. She disappeared when we were attacked some centuries ago by humans from your world who found a portal and crossed over and shattered the crystal on the surface. They took shards of it home as souvenirs, Aubrey. I am still quite sore about it. But. Some people think that Sylvain is dead. Some people think that she is just weakened because of the damage done to her heart. Nobody is quite sure, Aubrey. But as a result the planet is weakened. And yet you're telling me that it seemed to respond to your human touch.
Aubrey: Yes. I would say respond might be downplaying it since I almost died from being I dunno attached to it or whatever. It felt like dying that's hard to say 'cause that's like saying you know I had a panic attack and I almost died. It felt like it, but I have no i— yes. Okay, so yes I touched it, it responded. Short answer Yes.
Janelle: And you breathed life into the ground beneath your feet. Okay. Our world has not long to live, Aubrey. A year maybe more before the—
Aubrey: Aw dip!
Janelle: Yeah. Before the quell overwhelms us, before Sylvain's light fades for good. And there are those among us who would absolutely destroy your world if it meant saving our own. There are those among your people who would try to destroy our world if they recognized that threat. Don’t you see, Aubrey? The tether that connects our worlds... it is built to lead to the death and destruction of both of our people if things escalate beyond our control. If people here, in Sylvain, Aubrey, find out that humans who touch the crystal will have their life drained from them to bring our planet back to life? That is not a secret that I would prefer to get out there, Aubrey. You can’t say anything like that out loud here ever again. Do you understand me?
Aubrey: Uh— Yes. But also, maybe we can work out like an exchange. Where like the humans, we come over, we touch it for three or five seconds and your people touch it for five seconds. And we find a balance. Like a blood bank! You know? We come, we donate. Then you all could take what you need.
Janelle: You know your people better than I do, but does that sound realistically like something they would agree to? En masse?
Aubrey: Nnnno. No. On— en masse? No.
Janelle: Aubrey, I will teach you what I can about your powers. What I understand of them. But your meddling in our world’s affairs may very well be the catalyst for all out war between our realms. [Music “Sylvain” by Griffin McElroy fades in]
Aubrey: Oh.
Janelle: You are a brave woman, Aubrey, I’ve become very fond of you these past months. But this is not your world to save. [Ad break]
Griffin: Duck!
Travis: Uh, I should say. I took +1 weird.
Griffin: Uh, yeah—
Travis: I should mention, that’s my—
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yes that is a good way of finishing that.
Travis: I got strong, I got better at magic through training. +1 weird.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure. All right, Duck.
Justin: Yep.
Griffin: You messaged me like 45 minutes ago, or 45 minutes before we started recording.
Justin: There’s no need to make this seem like a spur-of-the-moment decision.
Griffin: You said “I can’t wait to level up my wizard” and I had to be like “Aw, dog.”
Travis: Oh no!
Griffin: Oh no!
Justin: No.
Griffin: You wanted to do a scene with Leo, which of course is kind of the scene we have to do. ‘Cause it’ll be wild if he was like “By the way I’ve got powers, too” and then you’re like mini-golfing with your friend Jeff.
Justin: I do, though, it feels weird for it to be the same timelapse as like you talked about with dad.
Griffin: No, no, it can be that night. Like if—
Justin: [crosstalk] Okay, yeah.
Griffin: I’m saying anywhere in that two months.
Justin: [crosstalk] Okay, that’s the scene that you need to see.
Griffin: Yeah. Where is it happening?
Justin: [crosstalk] So that’s the scene I wanna do.
Griffin: Yeah, he’s standing at your doorstep when he had the sword and you realized that Minerva was apparently speaking to him. And uh... where do you wanna do this scene? Are we picking up literally right then? Or are you in one of your places?
Justin: Uh, we cut to... inside the apartment.
Griffin: Yours or his? ‘Cause you’re neighbors.
Justin: My apartment.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And I’m lying on the floor of the bathroom.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay.
Justin: Just like... yes. All right, and that is I think— that is where the scene is happening.
Griffin: And he’s sitting on the toilet, I guess? On top of the lid?
Justin: No, he’s standing in the doorway.
Griffin: Okay
Justin: All right.
Griffin:, he’s standing in the doorway to the bathroom. Not sitting on the toilet.
Justin: No.
Griffin: Thank you, Justin, that would have been a weird sort of feeling. [Travis laughing] For this scene.
Justin: Yeah, it woulda been a weird sort of feel.
Griffin: He says,
Leo: Do you got any like Pepto-Bismol or something? Do you need like, a ginger ale?
Duck: No, just... Alright. Alright. I know, you’ve done it three times. Just one more time for me, ‘cause I’m gonna get it this time. Start at the beginning.
Leo: [exhales] Okay, Duck. Uh... I was also Chosen there for a bit, until you were Chosen. Before the gate opened up in the woods, here in Kepler, there was one up in Manhattan, old 91st street station’s been shut down for like half a century or something. Gate opened there, monster started to come out, Minerva showed up in my dreams, like I’m sure she did for you. Popped up in that weird spectral form.
Duck: Spectral form, yeah.
Leo: I thought she was like a Slimer or something.
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: Did you— was that your first inclina— I’ve never had anybody to talk to about this, but I thought it was a Slimer.
Duck: I thought I was high. Because I was in high school and I had... Yeah. I thought I was high.
Leo: Well, anyway, she taught me the ropes, she, you know, gave me the powers, and I protected New York City from otherworldly threats there for like 19 years or something. And uh, you know, got older. My body stopped being quite as sprightly. Then my gate disappeared. Next thing I know, Minerva told me that she’s... chosen someone new and my shift was over. So I had to get to Kepler where the gate was now, and deliver the new chosen one a blade. Keeping, you know, keep watch over him as he learns the craft. So that’s what I’ve been doing.
Duck: So why didn’t you... do that.
Leo: What do you mean?
Duck: I mean, I’ve been figuring this stuff out by myself. Like if you were supposed to come here and watch over me and help me and be all... you know, Mr. Miyagi and shit. Where have you been?
Leo: I just had to watch ya, Duck. And make sure that nothin’, you know, seriously bad happened to you. Minerva was explicitly clear that I wasn’t supposed to spill the beans. I think she— frankly, Duck? I don’t think she wanted you to know there were other chosen people out there. I can understand her concern. You know, not feelin’ as special and what-have-you and also understanding that this job, it doesn’t just end. It ends when you end, most of the time. It’s complicated, Duck, but she had a plan. And I was there every step of the way, making sure you, y’know, never got snuffed out.
Duck: Can you... has there been any specific times you could point to, where my bacon was preserved by you? Or has it just been kind of an overall guiding light sort of deal.
Leo: Sorta like, yeah, a guiding light. I’m not a helicopter parent or anything like that. Yeah, you’ve been doing great. So anyway, uh. Yeah. I didn’t think we would ever get to have this conversation until a few minutes ago, when she... I guess is... I guess she’s just gone now, Duck.
Duck: Ye—
Leo: I understand that this is quite a shock to you but I need you to understand this was, you know... my friend for 30 some-odd years or something. So I’m also kinda trying to process some stuff right now.
Griffin: And I think now he does go sit down on the toilet. Fuck you guys. And he’s buckling— he’s sitting on the john.
Duck: Um, so do you have like... powers, too?
Leo: Uh, I mean. Not as strong as it used to be. I haven’t been doin’ much monster huntin’ these days. But, uh. Let me see.
Griffin: And he tries to... rip the toilet up out of the ground. And he’s like,
Leo: Wait a minute, I shouldn’t be doin’ this in the first place. I don’t know, Duck. I think I’ve still got powers but honestly? Since Minerva disappeared... uh...
Justin: I pick up a roll of toilet paper and I chuck it at his head.
Griffin: It hits him. Like it just absolutely hits him in the head.
Duck: Yeah. Yeah, man. Hey... yeah. Me too.
Leo: Wait uh... Hold on. You tellin’ me that... your powers are—
Duck: Punch me in the stomach.
Griffin: He stands you up and he’s like,
Leo: Are you sure there, Duck?
Duck: Punch me in the stomach, c’mon!
Griffin: Do you want me to roll for this? Or just— then I just gonna get ‘cha. I think if you want the punch he’s gonna punch ya.
Justin: Yeah, just punch me. You don’t need to roll for it. Like. Whatever.
Griffin: He is, you know, the humble, friendly, local grocer who’s... I forget what age range I put him in, but he’s up there. And you don’t expect a lot, but he punches you with surprising force right in the gut.
Justin: I vomit into the tub.
Duck: See? [Travis laughing]
Duck: You see? Do you see? It’s gone, man. That’s the game.
Leo: Can we go in the kitchen and finish this conversation or somethin’? It’s yucky in here.
Duck: [laughing] Yeah. That’s fine—
Griffin: Jumpcut to the kitchen.
Duck: Yeah that’s fine, I could use some granola or something.
Griffin: He says,
Leo: All right, let’s not panic or nothin’. I mean this makes sense. All the powers that we had, technically we were just borrowin’ from Minerva after all. Her people, I don’t know how much she told her people, they got some sort of psychic thing where they can share their combat prowess with whomever they choose as long as they get a line of communication open with ‘em. And uh... I guess it’s gone now. Uh. For you and me, Duck, that line of communication, and this next part is gonna sound a lot scarier than it actually is, so you know, batten down the hatches. Minerva was talking to us through a wormhole, Duck, that we, uh... a little, barely there even, little wormhole that was sorta inside our brains?
Duck: Mhm.
Leo: I guess now that she’s gone, the phone line’s been disconnected, please try later, you know.
Duck: Uh... Llllleo, I mean this is a lot to take in. I mean, holistically speaking, a lot. I mean— finding out that you were chosen... I mean overall it makes you feel less special, honestly.
Leo: [crosstalk] You see, that’s exactly why, yeah.
Duck: If a bunch of people are being chosen it’s like... it’s less chosen and more like, I don’t know, pressured into it. [snorts]
Leo: Well this— this thing, Duck, this tether between our world and the other one,
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: the one that the monsters keep comin’ through? That ain’t somethin’ new. That’s been happening on earth for, I dunno man, centuries, millenia? It’s been here a while and there been people protectin’ it for quite some time. You know that Minerva’s planet had the same deal, right? Same sorta connection with another planet.
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: And they killed each other off.
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: Minerva was the only survivor, she told you that bit?
Duck: Yeah. Yeah, she told me the part where she was the one who did the killing, too.
Leo: Yeah, she did. And I think that she found us because she... wanted to redeem herself in some way. To make sure that some other planet havin’ the same sort of situation didn’t... didn’t settle things the same way. I think she was trying to make things right. And now I guess it’s just up to us now, Duck. I guess it’s just on you and me. I got a couple decades on you, so when I’m gone it’s just gonna be you. You’re gonna be the last one to ever be chosen. And no pressure buddy, but if you can’t find a way to stop those monsters from terrorizing our planet, ain’t nobody gonna stop it.
Duck: Yeah, well. Let’s— Here are some of the skills that I’m bringing to the table currently made of flesh. Very vulnerable to bullets and knives and fangs and acid and poison. So those are pretty much my only weaknesses. I don’t know if I mentioned fire and blunt trauma and drowning... and bullets. But those are my weaknesses. Strengths include uh... large reservoir of botanical information. [Clint snorts] Pretty good at Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 2. [Griffin laughing] Less good at 3, I dropped off at 3. [Clint laughing] That is... it. I— I played the trombone for two years. I don’t know if that’s even gonna be... helpful or not. But that’s what I got, Leo. I mean that’s what I’m bringing to the table, currently.
Griffin: He says,
Leo: Well, I mean I know that ya... your superhuman reflexes, some of your powers are gone, Duck. But I wouldn’t say that you’re completely powerless.
Griffin: And he really quickly reaches over and he grabs Beacon, who kinda responds to his touch and uncoils. And he throws Beacon over towards you. I think Act Under Pressure? With your new stats, which we’ll talk about here in a second.
Justin: Mmm... Okay.
Griffin: I can roll it for you if you don’t have—
Justin: Yeah, if you don’t mind. [sighs] I wasn’t logged into the...
Griffin: Oh, that’s a ten!
Justin: Hey, great.
Griffin: Plus uh... what’s your Cool?
Justin: Uh. One. [Laughing]
Griffin: Okay, so it’s 11. Yeah, you catch it. Like you, you catch the sword. I— I like the idea of Leo just coming at you with his broadsword. Just to like, kinda shock you into heroism. He starts running in your direction with the broadsword sort of plunging towards you. What do you do?
Justin: Uh... I [wheezes with laughter] I throw Beacon back at him, still coiled, and go into a fetal position.
Griffin: [Laughing] Okay, you grab Beacon and it immediately coils up in your hand and you drop to the floor, and Leo stabs through the rear wall of your apartment. It just goes— it cuts through, his broadsword cuts through the like, the uh...
Travis: Plaster?
Justin: Wood? [laughing]
Griffin: He like, it like stops—
Justin: [crosstalk] Drywall?
Griffin: Yeah, it stabs through the drywall and you actually can see it through the kitchen window now, [music fades in] just like peeking out of the side of your house. And he looks down at you and he says,
Leo: Okay, we’re fucked. [Music intro to the Amnesty Theme plays for a few seconds]
Griffin: Why don’t we talk real quick, Justin, because yours is probably the most drastic thing we’ve ever done mechanics wise. In the game. ‘Cause you messaged me and had an idea for like a power you wanted to take and then I suggested something a little more dramatic.
Justin: Yeah, so I am no longer the Chosen. I am now Duck the Mundane.
Griffin: So yes, new playbook the Mundane. And the powers here are so, so, so— Can you like read out some of the moves? That give it some of that good Mundane flavor? Good powerless—
Justin: [crosstalk] I’ll give— I’ll give you the ones that I have chosen. ‘Cause these are the ones that are relevant.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Okay, yeah, you get to pick three.
Justin: And I’ve added one because I went ahead and took my upgrade levels. ‘Cause I didn’t feel like—
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah, go ahead and take like three levels up. Yeah.
Justin: Yeah. So I have “Always The Victim.” When another hunter uses protect someone to protect you, they mark experience. Whenever a monster captures me, I mark experience.
Griffin: It’s so good. It’s like a way of rewarding you for playing the powerless best friend archetype.
Justin: “Power Of Heart.” When fighting a monster, if I help someone, you don’t roll plus cool. You automatically help as though you rolled a 10.
Griffin: That is an incredibly powerful thing.
Justin: “Trust Me.” When you tell a normal person the truth in order to protect them from danger, roll plus charm. On a 10+ they'll do what you say they should, no questions asked. On a 7-9 they do it, but the Keeper chooses They ask a hard question first, stall and dither a while or have a “better” idea. Quote, “better idea”. And on a—
Griffin: On a miss I get to screw you over, obviously.
Justin: Yeah. The last one I’ve chosen is “Don't Worry, I'll Check It Out.”  Whenever you go off by yourself to check out somewhere scary, mark experience. [Griffin and Travis laughing]
Griffin: So this class is all about putting yourself in danger and having to be rescued. I also really like that Power Of Heart move, because you are now, you know, the most human one of the group. And so you’re able to talk to people. And, you know, commiserate.
Justin: [crosstalk] My stats are worse.
Griffin: Yes, of course.
Justin: [crosstalk] Obviously. I have readjusted Beacon’s stats. The Mundane can get a golf club, baseball bat, cricket bat, or hockey stick. So I’ve readjusted Beacon’s stats to be in line with those.
Griffin: I don’t— I don’t hate you still having the same— like I don’t think Beacon would get weaker with you. I don’t actually like that. Beacon would—
Justin: Well, Beacon has also been damaged.
Griffin: Oh, that’s right!
Justin: So I figured that the two of us are— are— you know. We’re both damaged goods at this point.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Shiiit. Yeah. Okay.
Justin: So, he’s 2-harm— 2-harm, innocuous and messy. Are the current tags on that. And also the one upgrade is that I have a means of transport.
Griffin: Yes. Now how do we...?
Justin: So I can no longer run everywhere without getting tired. [Griffin chuckles] Upon realizing this, Duck dug back into his closet and dug out his skateboard. [Griffin laughs]
Travis: YES! Yes, please!
Griffin: Yes. So you’ve got a busted sword, you’ve got a skateboard and you still do have a jetpack. So that can be a fun—
Justin: I— I’m pretty sure it... broke—
Griffin: It came back to you! It came back to you at the end of the last arc.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Remember? It saved Ned.
Justin: Yeah, that’s true.
Griffin: It came back and— came back and saved Ned’s life. Okay, that’s fantastic. I’m very excited to—
Justin: So anyway, I’m just a regular person now. It’s not like a secret—
Travis: With a skateboard!
Justin: With a skateboard.
Clint: And a jetpack!
Justin: Yeah, I— yeah... Here’s a spoiler alert for you guys like I no longer have the ability to shrug off all damage. If I’m gonna use a jetpack, I’m gonna be in the next state. I’m gonna have to like, [Griffin laughing] activate that shit via wifi. No way!
Griffin: Uh, that’s great. Okay, so, the last thing we need to do is the Heathcliff stuff, where you all managed to get all three of the items on his list!
Travis: Which were, remind us again?
Griffin: A Seer’s Spectacles, a Lawkeeper Badge or something like that, and the Victorious Seed which you got from defeating the big tree at the end of the last arc. So, you got all three! Well done! And... y’all are— the three of you are now together in the chasm beneath Sylvain. You are in the Realm of the Enchanter. Uh, and that is still the most D&D ass— that’s more D&D ass shit than I did when we were playing D&D! You’re in the Enchanted Realm of the Enchanter, Heathcliff the big cat, and—
Clint: And there’s enchantment in the air!
Griffin: There is! You can feel it! And—
Travis: And everyone’s chanting!
Griffin: And there’s Heathcliff suddenly. Jumpcut! Heathcliff is there! We’re starting in media res. You’ve been there, and now there’s Heathcliff. [“Heathcliff” by Griffin McElroy begins playing]
Griffin: And he says,
Heathcliff: I can sense the presence of a few valuables! A few precious items that I requested! Um... Yum yum gimme some!
Griffin: And he extends his huge paw down to the platform where you are standing in front of him.
Travis: I put the items on his very large toe beans.
Griffin: Awww!
Travis: Yeah...
Griffin: And he retrieves them and he says— he actually just like outstretches his toe beans and lets them fall down into the chasm below to land in... I don’t know, some sort of mysterious... pot? Who knows what he’s got going on in there!
Travis: [laughs] Who could even say?
Clint: It’s a big Scrooge McDuck swimming pool full of artifacts.
Griffin: That’s probably what it is. And Heathcliff says,
Heathcliff: Okay, a deal’s a deal! What’s it gonna be? An enchantment? Summoning a new item? You all, uh— you all know the score. You might not; it’s been like nine months since we’ve spoken.
Travis: Yeah! I definitely remember, but maybe the folks at home don’t, Griffin.
Justin: Yeah! Let’s recap for their benefit.
Clint: Because we know! We remember.
Justin: For sure...
Griffin: Absolutely. This is a mechanic that I sort of hacked into the game to keep some of that D&D-magic-item feel going, called Acquisition, where you roll 2d6 plus the number of items you recovered for Heathcliff and you can either enchant an item you have now and try to get another tag added to it, or summon a new item altogether. So, for example, in the last time you guys did this Aubrey enchanted her vest to get 1-armor, the 1-armor tag added to it and rolled successfully, so that was successfully added to the armor. Duck summoned a jetpack. That’s how he used his roll, so really really really open-ended system. It is fully up to you guys. I will now drop— oh— I will drop the gear tags into Slack. There’s the list of tags; it is quite long. Some of them are good, some of them are bad. Okay, Aubrey you rolled a...?
Travis: 20! Well, no... Basically, nat-20.
Griffin: You rolled a— holy shit you did roll 6-6. You rolled a nat-12 plus 3 so a 15!
Travis: I got a 15! I want... I’m looking for what would justify this... I want a knife that I can control.
Griffin: You want a magic— fuckin’ The Phantom Knife?
Travis: Yes. The Shadow. Sorry Griffin.
Griffin: Was it The Shadow? Damn it, you’re right. Hmm...
Travis: Or maybe a throwing knife? I want— I want some kind of weapon
Griffin: Yeah?
Travis: that I can use. ‘Cause right now I’ve got the magic, and that’s great. Magic, don’t get me wrong, super great.
Justin: We need to make sure dad hasn’t been kicked off the call because Travis mentioned The Shadow, and Dad didn’t smash into the conversation Kool-Aid Man style.
Clint: Who knows what evil? Who lurks?
Travis: [crosstalk] See there it is, alright it must have cut out.
Justin: [crosstalk] There was like a five-minute delay, apparently, on the call.
Griffin: Yeah, Trav, I think we can— I mean, we can do whatever the fuck. I’m just trying to figure out a way to make it work. Uh, you get a... Oh, that’s right, you’ll get a positive and a negative tag for it. So I think the idea of you having a... a knife that you are, like, bonded with? I don’t necessarily know that this is like your “magic” magic. I think the knife is magic, but all of your magic so far has been very elemental.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: So unless you’re using the wind to blow this knife around—
Travis: No, no, no. I want it to be like a magic Sylvain knife.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: You know, like...
Griffin: For sure—
Travis: I do want it to be something that I have to, like, guide, that I am responsible for.
Griffin: Uh, Heathcliff says,
Heathcliff: Oh, that’s a breeze! Are you kiddin’? Magic knife?
Aubrey: Sick.
Griffin: He yawns.
Heathcliff: Oh no, I don’t think I can do a magic knife. Pbsbsshhhh...
Griffin: And he ducks down into the chasm and you hear a loud sound and a flash of light and a “woosh!” as he rises back up and extends his cat paw towards you and hands you the magic knife. What’s it look like? Before we figure out its tags.
Travis: I’m going to say it’s very much like a Scottish dirk, like a small one. So there’s not like— it doesn’t have like a big cross... Oh, I’m so mad at myself that I can’t remember what that is...
Griffin: A— a guard?
Travis: Yeah, it doesn’t have a big guard or anything. It’s just like straight blade-to-handle—
Griffin: Oh, I see, I see, I see. There’s basically no guard at all, it’s just like a—
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: it’s just like a handle and then a blade coming out of it. Okay, I’m into that!
Travis: And it does have, not a scabbard but a sheath, that one might keep perhaps on a belt or in a boot. It’s basically like a throwing knife, you know?
Griffin: Yeah, I feel it! That’s good! Yeah, that comes out of it and it— I think it flies towards you like it knows what’s up and sort of stops as it gets close to you and rotates itself to put its handle in your direction.
Travis: And I grab it!
Griffin: Nothing else happens.
Travis: And maybe squeal a little bit, ‘cause it’s super cool!
Griffin: Okay, so I think it’s gonna have the far tag. Fart! [Everyone laughs theatrically.] And I’m trying to decide if that’s like the positive tag here or if that’s kind of like a freebie that determines— I think that’s a freebie that determines its range. So what’s the other— what’s the other gear tag that’s good here? And then I’ll decide—
Travis: I mean, magic...
Griffin: Yeah, sure, magic! So it can affect certain creatures and armors that are proof against normal weapons. Yep, that’s good. The negative here will be... I mean, it’s a knife that flies around through the air, that you do not really understand... how it does that. So, because you don’t really understand that, I think there’s like not a 100% guarantee that it’s going to do what you want all the time. And it is a magic flying knife. I think volatile, “this weapon is dangerous and unstable,” is a pretty good one.
Travis: Yep, concur!
Griffin: Alright, Ned, Duck, what are you feeling? What do you want? What are you buying?
Justin: I’ll let Ned go first.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: What are you sellin’?
Clint: Six plus three!
Griffin: Six plus three is a nine. Okay, are you trying to summon something or enchant something?
Clint: I think Ned wants to enchant the Narf Blaster 3000? Or 5000?
Travis: Well, how much are you enchanting it?
Griffin: Yeah, we can add power to it.
Travis: It’s 5000! Is that right?
Clint: I like the idea of it being even more powerful, but I also like the idea of enchanting it with Life Drain, which transfers life energy. The wielder is healed for as many points of harm as were inflicted.
Griffin: Uh, okay?
Clint: Which sounds, you know, egotistical enough to still qualify as being Ned. And yet, you know, kind of kicks up his attack power.
Griffin: Yeah, I like that! I think— I like that a lot. I want this to happen very badly. The rule I wrote in, like, when I was writing this is that each piece of gear can only be enchanted one time. So, I think the enchantment you got last time was magic so you could shoot a ghost with it, essentially. I think you can definitely do this but maybe it replaces magic. Which like... magic only lets you hit ghosts, basically; magic is the tag that lets you kill things. So, like, swapping out magic for life drain.
Clint: Okay, yeah! So, yeah, I wanna— I hold out— Ned holds out the Narf Blaster... let’s say 5000, the Narf Blaster 5000 and tells him,
Ned: I would like this to not only hurt other people, but help me! What’ve you got, big cat?
Heathcliff: Hmm...
Griffin: He takes a look at it and he says,
Heathcliff: Didn’t I already do this one?
Ned: Yeah, yeah. What, d’you got rules?
Heathcliff: I think I know what you’re getting at. Hold on one second.
Griffin: And he dives down into the abyss, and this time he’s holding like this yellow orb as well as your Blaster, and now the yellow orb starts like floating in the air, and he waves his hand over the Narf Blaster, and you see this like purple light come out of it, which he then sort of forms into a ball and drops down into the abyss, and he grabs the yellow ball out of the air and pushes it into the Blaster, and then he hands it back down to you and he says,
Heathcliff: Why don’t you um... Why don’t you give that baby a blast? Just, point it at the wall for Christ’s sake, but uh, why don’t you give that a shot?
Ned: Alrighty... Oh, I don’t have to pump it or anything! I just point it here and pull the trigger!
Griffin: Uh, a— I think the way that it does the life drain— I think it’s a beam now. I think it’s a full-blown, like, Ghostbusters Proton Pack that like whips across the wall leaving a scorch mark as it goes.
Clint: And I feel awesome!
Griffin: Uh, okay. And Duck!
Justin: Yes!
Griffin: Have you waited until last because you don’t know what you want and we’re going to get you another jetpack?
Justin: No!
Griffin: Okay, what d’you got?
Duck: Uh, Garfield?
Heathcliff: Umm... I don’t know who that is, and I wish—
Duck: Damn, fuck!
Heathcliff: Yeah.
Duck: Fuck me!
Clint: Good try.
Justin: I was getting convinced— confused. So I roll first and then I decide what I want to do with it? That seems wild.
Griffin: Yeah, that hasn’t been the rules but it’s what Travis and dad did, so I think if you-
Justin: Yeah, that’s like a weird thing to do. I’m not gonna do that.
Griffin: Okay, what do you— what do you want from the list?
Duck: I... Need... A helmet. [Griffin laughs] I need a helmet.
Heathcliff: Like a foot— a football helmet? [crosstalk] Or like a medieval—?
Duck: I— listen— [crosstalk] like a good— like a str— like, you know how sometimes you put helmets on people who are going into dangerous situations because they’re just regular-ass people, and not like, superheroes? I need a helmet!
Heathcliff: Umm...
Duck: I need a helmet!
Heathcliff: Okay, uh... Just a regular old helmet? Or do you want—?
Duck: Like a good helmet you dumb cat! A helmet! [Everyone laughs]
Griffin: He looks kind of—
Duck: Don’t fuck around with me! I’m not stoked to be asking! I need a helmet! Alright? I need a helmet.
Heathcliff: Um, okay...
Griffin: He looks pissed off and he’s like,
Heathcliff: Lemme see— lemme see what I—
Duck: Shut up! Hey! You two! Pipe down, alright? Yuck it up! I’m glad you all are still fuckin’ X-Men! I’m just a regular dipshit and I need a fuckin’ helmet!
Griffin: He says, uh—
Duck: Sorry, cat, I need a helmet.
Heathcliff: Yeah, um, I get that. Any sort of—
Duck: Pssbsbssbfffffff!
Heathcliff: —design considerations or...?
Duck: I might be wastin’ this not gettin’ a tombstone now that I think about it [Everyone laughing] ‘cause them shits is expensive. I— can you give me a hologram tombstone? Nah, alright. You know what? That’s stinkin’ thinkin’. I’ll start with a helmet.
Griffin: He dives down—
Travis: And Aubrey yells,
Aubrey: Viking!
Griffin: He dives down and—
Duck: No, like cool!
Griffin: He dives down into the abyss and, uh... takes a while down there and you see like a few flashes of light and he comes back up and I think he’s got like five or six different helmet designs and he’s like,
Heathcliff: Um, you seem like you’re having maybe a bit of a— bit of a week, so I thought maybe you could pick your favorite. Maybe you could have some fun with that?
Griffin: There’s like a— you know like a motorcycle helmet. There’s a viking helmet for sure. There’s a knight’s full helm with the guard in front of it. There’s like a— sort of a modern combat helmet with some, you know, like the netting wrapped around it. I think he offers you a few different helmet designs.
Duck: Uhhh...
Aubrey: [whispering] Viking! Viking.
Duck: Gimme the one that looks like a skateboard helmet. [Clint laughing] God, at least I can wear that to work. ‘Cause I’m skateboarding to work. By the way.
Ned: So you can’t run without getting tired anymore?
Duck: I can’t run like eight miles without getting tired anymore—
Ned: What happened?
Aubrey: To be fair Ned, you can’t do that either! [crosstalk] [“The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme” by Griffin McElroy plays]
Duck: Ned— Ned— Yeah, Ned, you can’t run eight blocks! Shut up!
Aubrey: Got him!
Ned: [mumbling] Fine. Okay. Be that way.
Griffin: I don’t want to leave it ‘til the next adventure with that negative— with that poop—
Clint: Nah, it’s okay!
Griffin: With that poo-poo argument! No, I don’t want this beef lingering in the air. [The music reaches the hesitant chord usually filled with a dramatic cliffhanger or punchline.]
Griffin: Ope, well, maybe it’s going to! See you next time folks! [Everyone laughing]
