Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Deputy Dewey: Y’all— obviously I guess y’all heard about it, Hornets got attacked, someone came in the bar, just made a mess of things. We got two in the morgue... they says, they followed whoever did this up into your neck of the woods.
Detective Megan: One of these Hornets had a big chunk missing out of his neck.
Bevan: It’s like this blonde lady. I saw her again, but this time like... she was way different.
Griffin: Parked in formation in front of Amnesty Lodge is a fleet of 20 motorbikes ridden by Hornets with Hollis at the lead.
Hollis: So Keith told me everything about the monsters. Told me that you all work to fight them and keep it a big secret? [Clint snorting]
Duck: Uhm.
Aubrey: Huh.
Hollis: Good news. You don’t need to know what I’m talking about anymore. You all are relieved of duty, we’ll take it from here. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Griffin: Should we just pick it up right where we left off? ‘Cause it was kind of a, kind of a hot scene if you...
Clint: [Crosstalk] Chyeah!
Justin: I don’t know why we always have to talk a bunch of garbage.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: You know what I mean? Like—
Travis: [Crosstalk] That— It’s called a podcast, Justin.
Griffin: No, yeah, you’re right, let’s get it wet. Uh—
Justin: I just, like— Let’s get it wet.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure.
Justin: [Crosstalk] You know? Thank you.
Travis: Let’s get wet and wild.
Griffin: You all are standing in front of Amnesty Lodge where you have just sort of come out of your secret cellar headquarters alongside Mama and Barclay. And standing in front of you... well, actually, kind of leaning against a cool motorbike is Hollis, who is the leader of the Hornets, the local stunt crew turned kinda bike squad who are sort of in the process of confronting you. There’s a little over a dozen of them here parked out in front of Amnesty Lodge. And now that you understand their intention, you’re kind of able to look them over a little bit better. They are wielding baseball bats and makeshift sort of rebar clubs and all sorts of weaponry.
Travis: So, a mob?
Griffin: Kind of a mob, yeah. A monster-hunting mob. And standing in front of you is Hollis, along with Lieutenant Keith, and they have said that they are going to take over monster hunting from this point forward because you all are not getting it done. That’s where we’re at. And time UNFREEZE! Zowie!
Travis: I’ve been thinking about this because we have the benefit of not being in real time.
Griffin: Well, time freeze. Hold on. Okay, time freeze.
Travis: Yeah, time freeze.
Griffin: Zap, zop.
Travis: Now time unfreeze.
Griffin: Okay. [Pause]
Travis: Unfreeze it!
Griffin: Okay, it’s unfreezed, I’m sorry.
Travis: Aubrey just kind of laughs, like,
Aubrey: Ha ha. Monsters! Are you kidding me?! Ugh. I told Keith. He— Listen. He got a bonk on the head when he crashed off his bike. We found him like that. He was in a daze. I think he might have a concussion. You know how that is; you do stunts, right? Concussions have to be a major worry for you guys. He kept going on and on about monsters and stuff. And, I don’t know. Ha ha! Monsters!
Griffin: I think Hollis just kinda stares you down and doesn’t really say anything. Doesn’t seem to be moved by your speech. And then they turn towards Duck, and then they say,
Hollis: I wanna hear it from him.
Duck: [Gulps] What exactly do you wanna hear me say?
Hollis: Well, you’re carrying a sword, I’m—
Griffin: Are you carrying a sword‽ I don’t know if that’s something that Duck just kinda rolls around with.
Justin: I always assumed that it looked like a belt, when he wasn’t wearing it.
Griffin: [Laughing] I love that, we’ve never talked about that before. Your belt sword.
Justin: I just always assumed that he looked like a belt.
Griffin: Okay, yeah that works. Okay.
Justin: And it’s a little bit Hot Topic— [laughing]
Griffin: I think it’s exceedingly Hot Topic, it’s a belt with the— I guess the buckle is a mouth. That’s horny, kind of.
Travis: [Laughs] It is a little horny!
Justin: And it’s metal. It was either that, or as a wallet chain... sword.
Griffin: Hollis says, [Clint laughing]
Hollis: Well, according to what Keith told me, all of you were there  when the, I guess, goatmen attacked. [Aubrey gives a short laugh]
Hollis: Which I’m assuming is one of the kind of monsters that seem to besiege our hometown on a daily basis...? So, I was just wondering if you were going to outright lie about it, like Aubrey here.
Duck: Uhm... I’m not a monster-hunter with any special abilities or anything. I have no physical advantage over anybody else that would be trying to hunt monsters. Look at me for a second. Honestly. If I could... y’know, do that sort of thing, wouldn’t that be... something a little more intense than a forest ranger?
Hollis: Yeah, that’s actually the first believable thing that any of you have said since I showed up here. Ned? You seem to know a lot about monsters, it’s kind of your business. It seems like maybe business is a lot better than anybody even expected, huh?
Ned: Well, here’s what I’m thinking, friend Hollis, that perhaps there’s a lot of confusion out there [chuckles]. As you know, I have an extremely successful television show called Saturday Night Dead, and—
Hollis: Yeah, you reference that every episode.
Ned: Yes. And as you know, what we do is, we not only show great movies— By the way, you may be especially interested, this weekend we have a double feature Werewolves on Wheels from 1971 with Severn Darden, and 1989s Chopper Chicks in Zombietown [Justin laughing] with Billy Bob Thornton.
Hollis: You’re not gonna win me over by—
Ned: No, no, no, no! I’m just saying—
Griffin: While Hollis is saying that, they have their phone out and are definitely adding this to their Gcal.
Ned: I would love you’d all to come and sit in the studio audience. But be that as it may, we also do a lot of crazy video features, a lot of filmed features that we insert in the show. We’ve been doing a lot of shootings. We have a young man, looks exactly like Ryan Gosling, with higher aspirations
Aubrey: Spitting image.
Ned: Spitting image. And sometimes we make him up in goat... makeup to shoot wild and crazy skits.
Aubrey: Yeah, that was for the— we were doing the Krampus thing, right?
Duck: [Mumbling] Skits. Yes.
Aubrey: We were doing like a Krampus thing with like goat legs.
Ned: [Crosstalk] Krampus thing... And it’s possible that Keith saw that.
Duck: [Tense] We do zany— They’re right, we do zany skits. They call us... the Zoo Team, and we’re always doing wild stuff.
Ned: [Hastily] Yeah, why don’t you let me take this, Duck? And so anyway— [Justin snorts]
Hollis: Two of my guys were torn to shreds last night,
Ned: Yes, right.
Hollis: and I saw that thing that did it. And it wasn’t your handsome friend all dressed up like a goat.
Duck: What did you— Hey, what did you see, Keith?
Griffin: This is Hollis talking.
Duck: What did you see, Hollis?
Griffin: I think if you actually want something from Hollis, who’s like
Justin: [Crosstalk] I’m sorry, it’s so hard. With Hollis’s deep multi-textured character voice it’s hard to tell— [laughing] tell the two of ‘em apart.
Griffin: Listen, I think anybody who doesn’t have a rich Appalachian accent is kind of an outlier in this universe that we’re crafting.
Justin: Fair enough.
Travis: Fair!
Griffin: I think Hollis is coming at you all kind of like hot and bothered— Well, not hot and bothered, that sounds weird.
Travis: Ooh. [Laughs]
Griffin: Kinda angry, so if you want something from Hollis, Duck, you’re gonna have to roll Investigate a Mystery.
Justin: [Sighs] You know I am gonna do that.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Justin: I’m gonna do exactly the thing that you just said.
Griffin: You don’t have to.
Justin: No no no!
Griffin: [Crosstalk] Hollis can just say “Fuck off!” and then you don’t have to.
Justin: Hey listen, we do not have a lot in the way of leads, and two of the leads that we did have got eaten. So, I don’t love our chances right now, so I’m gonna take every opportunity that I can get and I’m gonna roll 2d6. God almighty. Hachi machi.
Travis: [Mocking] How did you do, Justin?
Justin: Well, I got a 4 on that one, Trav.
Travis: Wheew.
Justin: We call in the biz, we call that bad. Less than ideal. [Mumbling] Experience...
Griffin: I think this just ends the— Yeah, mark experience, well done. I think this just ends the conversation, I think that Hollis says,
Hollis: [Laughs] You think I’m gonna help you? I told you, the era of you all keeping the town in the dark, while you sneak around and fail to stop these things from killing people, that era is over. [Duck sighs]
Hollis: Yeah, I’ve got a question actually for you, and I’m only gonna ask it once politely. Where are these things coming from?
Griffin: And it’s right then that the front door to Amnesty Lodge swings open and out walks Agent Stern, who is dressed in full proper FBI agent regalia. He actually got his hands on his hips pulling his jacket back, so everyone can see his badge. He says,
Agent Stern: Everything going okay out here?
Ned: Oh, yes! Agent Stern, our friends here were just leaving, they were just setting out. They’re on a mission from God. And we say to them, and I mean this most sincerely, Hollis, go for it. Knock yourselves out, go on your little mission, and godspeed.
Griffin: With that, I think Keith is now nervous that, y’know, a badged official is here, and sort of tugs at Hollis’s sleeve. Who nods and they put their helmet back on, and everybody else in the Hornets sort of follow suit.
Aubrey: Real quick, Keith, before you go. Let’s hang out sometime, you and I. We’ve got some catching up to do.
Griffin: Keith lifts his visor up and he walks over and he says,
Keith: Everyone saw it. I know what we talked about, Aubrey, everyone saw it. And you can threaten to kill me all you want, but apparently there’s other stuff out there that’s actually doing it.
Ned: [Laughing, crosstalk] Kill you. He’s kidding, Stern, he’s kidding.
Duck: Hollis and Keith, let me talk to you guys real quick before you head off.
Hollis: Okay.
Griffin: Yeah, Hollis comes over and joins with you.
Justin: I walk out with them. They’re leaving, I walk out.
Duck: So here’s the thing. This thing is messed up, I mean whatever it is, it’s brutal. And you saw that, and we did too. I don’t know if I should be telling you this or not, but we’ve... dealt with some stuff like this already. And I’m here to tell you that we’ve barely made it out alive. And if you go looking for this thing, it is going to kill you.
Justin: So this is a move called Trust Me
Griffin: Oh, shit!
Justin: the Mundane can do. And if I tell a normal person the truth in order to protect them from danger, I roll plus charm. On a 10+ they’ll do what I say, no questions asked. 7 to 9 they’ll do it but the Keeper choses one from a list which includes, they ask me a hard question, they stall and dither a while, they have a better idea. On a miss, they’re gonna think I’m crazy and maybe dangerous, too.
Griffin: Oh, this is such a fucking cool move. And it’s also something I didn’t know was in the game. It could totally... rewrite shit. Alright, let’s see it.
Travis: Yeaaah! We’re doing it, classic McElroy!
Griffin: Yeah, let’s see what you got. Another big 4—? Okay!
Justin: That’s a 7 plus 2 charm is a 9. Which you get one of those, you can stall and dither, have a, quote, “better idea,” or ask me a hard question first. So I think that’s probably open to interpretation, how you wanna interpret this. I definitely had some effect, I think, but I can see where—
Clint: [Crosstalk] Could Ned help out and add a point?
Justin: I think a mixed success is probably more interesting for Griffin
Clint: Okay.
Justin: in the sense that like it gives Griffin more—
Travis: [Crosstalk] That works, I think it makes sense for this scenario, too.
Justin: Especially after that hard... like after I had that hard failure, it seems like a mixed success seems alright.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure, I like this. Okay so, I’m gonna go with “Ask you a hard question” first, and it’s gonna be in this form. It’s going to be... Hollis lifts up their visor and they stare you down, Duck, and they say,
Hollis: I don’t think you’re lying about that either, Duck, but if you really want us not help protect the town like you’ve been doing for god knows how long, then we need to know the truth. And we need to know all of it. When you’re ready to do that, just flag down a Hornet, we’re gonna be all over town on patrol, so... I’ll see ya hopefully when I see ya.
Griffin: And they lower their visor down and the Hornets depart. Basically saying like, if you tell them literally everything that you know about the Pine Guard, and no like clever ruses, like actually what is going on here, everything you know. Then they will disband their monster-hunting force as it is now. That’s the tradeoff.
Justin: Okay, so I probably go— I go back inside and I flag down Aubrey and Ned, and I sort of update them on the scenario. So there’s—
Duck: So that’s basically it. They’ll [sighs] keep their heads out of it, if we tell them everything.
Aubrey: Well, I have to say... I mean, there’s a part in me that doesn’t mind the idea of this like “neighbourhood watch beefin’ up our numbers” kinda deal, like, eyes on the street. But at the same time, I don’t know their methods, and they seemed pretty hell bent for leather as far as violence goes. We got a lot of not bad monster types, you know what I mean?
Duck: Mhmm.
Ned: I have an idea that might lend itself to that situation. Kirby! Kirby, come here for a moment.
Griffin: [Crosstalk] Wait, why is Kirby—? [Amused] I guess you did take a move where he’s your constant companion. A fucking closet in the cellar of the—
Travis: There’s a poof of smoke and Kirby appears.
Griffin: A closet door in the cellar under Amnesty Lodge swings open and Kirby comes out.
Justin: [Laughing] It like bursts open.
Clint: Alright, I will do it that way— Back up, let me try it a different way.
Ned: I have an idea, why don’t I send Kirby out in the Cryptonomica van, with the camera drones from episode hm... six? [Griffin bursts out laughing] to keep an eye on our friends the Bumblebees, and he can report back to us and see what they do.
Griffin: There’s so much wrong stuff in that sentence.
Duck: There’s a few wrong things. Let me see, let me try and go in order. First one is, your man Kirby might just have to watch gang member get eatin’ alive. ‘Cause I don’t think this thing is like... like luring friends back to its place and stealing their identity and then over several months— It’s just eatin’ people.
Aubrey: Can we agree that identity thieves are the real monsters?
Duck: Yeah, I mean, I’m no great fan of identity thieves, but like—
Ned: You said you wanted to know about their methods, you said—
Duck: I don’t know, I didn’t say anything of the sort! What I said was, we need to decide if we want to tell them everything or if we wanna let them take their chances.
Ned: I’m already in enough deep shit with Mama and, and, and... Squatchboy about runnin’ my mouth. So I vote we don’t tell ‘em shit. [Duck sighs] We keep an eye on ‘em and if they get in trouble we go help ‘em.
Duck: Yeah, there’s a part in me that feels like... If we— We can tell ‘em now, you know, tell them everything, we can keep them out of this specific thing, but it’s like the genie’s out of the proverbial bottle. Fuck, there might be genies, what do I know?
Aubrey: There probably are genies—
Duck: There probably are genies, now that I think about it.
Aubrey: But here’s my thing, is I also know that— Man, how many times do you watch a movie or TV show or something and just scream like “just tell them!” like listen, here in Kepler people are in danger all the time. And I’m starting to wonder if maybe we’re doing a disservice by not telling them what’s out there.
Ned: Start telling them stuff, then where do you stop?
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: Yeah!
Ned: Would you tell them about Sylvain? Would you tell them about—
Aubrey: [Crosstalk] Yeah, I know! Ned, I agree.
Griffin: Is Barclay and Mama down in the cellar with you all? They were definitely down there—
Travis: They hop down now and we catch them all up.
Griffin: I mean, they were definitely at the scene while you guys were having sort of this confrontation with the Hornets.
Justin: Yeah, I think it would be easier because I would like to ask Mama how she has...
Duck: Yeah, how have you dealt with stuff like this in the past, Mama?
Griffin: I think Mama has been pretty... just like shocked into silence since hearing that this large squadron of armed bikers knows that there’s monsters in Kepler, and seeks to do something about it. And she says, [Pause]
Mama: Y’all there ain’t never been— there ain’t never been a situation like this before. And for once, Ned, it seems like I can’t blame this one on you. It...
Duck: Gotta be some way to blame it on Ned. Don’t give up, Mama. [Snorting]
Griffin: She says,
Mama: I... We’ve been trying to keep the peace discreetly for decades now, and it’s been workin. Listen, I’m about to get forced into retirement, and I’ve made peace with that, but I can’t feel comfortable about the idea of looven’ just like a handful of y’all to, y’know, fight against deadly supernatural threats every two months or so. And if they have the opportunity to add some more muscle behind your efforts, I don’t see why n—
Griffin: And while she’s saying that, I think this is when Barclay just reaches up and takes off his bracelet and sets it down on the table, 12 Angry Men style. And Barclay says,
Barclay: In case you all forgot, I’m Bigfoot. So if these guys—
Travis: Oh, way to namedrop. [Justin wheezes]
Griffin: [Chuckles] “I’m friends with Dracula.”
Travis: [Laughs] “I’m kind of a big deal, I’m in Hotel Transylvania.”
Griffin: It’s not— Yeah, don’t worry about it. He says,
Barclay: This is an armed gang of passionate monster-slayers. What do you think happens if they come up into Amnesty Lodge and figures out our whole situation here. Do you think that they’re gonna be as patient as you guys are?
Aubrey: But that’s my point! Is if we can edu— If we have a chance to say “this is what’s up” before that happens... I mean, what do you think is the better option? We don’t tell them and one of them accidentally catches sight of somebody changing, y’know, their watch and turns into another goatman or whatever. And they get attacked while they’re just getting ready for a swim. Is that really better than us telling them ahead like “some people are good, and some people are bad just like on earth. With humans.”
Duck: I feel like I know some of these rowdy boys their entire lives, and I— we can tell them it’s too dangerous, but if we let them know that there are literally monsters in the town, there’s nothing that’s gonna dissuade them from, y’know, continuing to search them out and probably getting themselves killed, honestly. I mean, they say that they’ll— I think what we’re really talking about here, y’all, is, do we save them from this one or do we save them from all the future ones. ‘Cause I feel like if we can stave them out of this one, but they’re gonna be back in full force next time.
Mama: I don’t see why we need to keep debating, if they find out about the gate to Sylvain that’s it. That’s war. That’s the war.
Aubrey: We have a resource here that we’re not using.
Mama: Which is?
Aubrey: Jake Cool-Ice, he knows them. He was with them. He can give us insight... I think we need to bring him into this discussion, because for all we know, forgivin’ that scene, which we have to remember [Duck sighs] it wasn’t too long ago that two of their friends got mangled by a monster while they all watched. I think it’s understandable that they’re a little on edge. We might be able to get some insight from Jake about this whole scenario.
Mama: Alright, listen, listen, listen. We burned plenty of daylight debating this. I’ll talk to Jake and see if I can get him to try and make peace, I guess, with the Hornets. Try and impress upon them the reality of this situation without sort of clueing ‘em into everything, Barclay. But we need to get out there, because whatever is out there killin’ folks right now ain’t gonna wait for us to have a summit with the local biker... tuffs. So, I think let’s get out there right now, before nighttime rolls up and see what we can find out.
Aubrey: I think at this point, if I may, Duck and Ned, it kinda feels like we have... let me check my notes.
Travis: And she mimes opening up a notebook.
Aubrey: Ah yeah, we don’t know anything. So maybe we should split up and just kinda see what we can find out by asking around?
Duck: Well, let’s not split up. But let’s do ask around. I like the part where we ask around, for sure.
Ned: Yeah, and I miss you, guys.
Duck: Yeah, I miss you when we’re not together. And honestly? Can I be straight with you guys? Uhm... I’m just a dude.
Aubrey: Oh, that’s right. Okay.
Duck: [Crosstalk] I would rather stay with the people with superpowers. If that’s like all okay by y’all.
Mama: Well, that’s just— Yours talkin’ about Aubrey, she’s the only one— I guess Barclay.
Duck: Okay, you know, I didn’t wanna be shitty.
Aubrey: [Crosstalk] Ned has a gun.
Duck: [Laughing] He has a cool gun and a lot of lying power.
Aubrey: Yeah and a car! Which—
Duck: He used to have a car. [Laughing]
Aubrey: He could get another car.
Duck: He got a crêpe-wagon. [Pronounced Crayp]
Aubrey: He did get a crêpe-wagon. [Pronounced Crayp]
Ned: [Simultaneously] I got a crêpe-wagon. Crêpe-wagon [pronounced crap], crêpe-wagon.
Aubrey: Crap-wagon! Crrrap-wagon.
Duck: [Mumbling] Still not— I’m not doing it again.
Ned: Crap-wagon [with a harsh “cr”]
Aubrey: Crap-wagon [with a harsh “cr”]. Okay. Well, before we go out and look, I need to go use the restroom, ‘cause I haven’t in like 45 episodes. [Laughter]
Justin: And all of us just realized they haven’t shit in a year. They all go to shit. [Ad break]
Travis: We hear a flush and a handwash, and like footsteps coming back down the stairs. [Imitating sound of walking downstairs] Dup dup dup dup.
Griffin: Okay. Sure.
Aubrey: Okay, I’m ready to go!
Griffin: Fantastic. I don’t really-- So, it’s kinda up to y’all how you wanna do this investigation. I think that this is more how Monster of the Week is designed to be played? Which is maybe not the most sort of show-friendly process? But I think it would be interesting to just let y’all loose in Kepler, which is a lot easier now, because we have this map in Roll20, and we have an ongoing list of leads and stuff like that. So it’s up to y’all. We can just do scenes as you wanna do ‘em, and you tell me what you wanna look into. Because as you've said, you don’t know jack about this thing.
Travis: Well, it seems to me like even if we don’t know anything. Over the last couple episodes we have made some contacts. I mean like, there’s Indrid.
Justin: Indrid’s gone.
Travis: I will say from Aubrey’s point of view, the things that she learned from investigating the scene makes her wanna talk to Dani. But I don’t know that that’s something she’d wanna do in front of everyone.
Griffin: Well, you can do, you just go talk to Dani alone. I know we wanted to do scenes together, but if that's how you want to talk to Dani, that's how you want to talk to Dani. On the subject of Indrid, we might want to clear this up. Last time you guys saw Indrid, Duck punched Indrid in the face, and knocked his glasses off, and then Indrid flew away as the Mothman. And you actually haven't seen Indrid since. That was a couple months ago, during the last hunt. So Indrid is not super available as a resource right now.
Clint: I think we need to investigate why this happened. I think we need to investigate, I mean, we're not getting anywhere necessarily with the creature, but I think we need to figure out why. Why that particular place, why the Hornet's Nest, what led to that... I think that's the angle we need to pursue. Because there's obviously the, we said it ourselves, this was a targeted attack that happened at the Hornet's Nest. I assume there's still some injured Hornets in like, the hospital and stuff? [crosstalk] Would there not be?
Griffin: Um... I don't know about that. There's definitely some in the morgue still, like...
Clint: Let's get it clarified, are there... were there survivors?
Griffin: There were. I think that they have mostly been discharged at this point.
Clint: It'd be nice and creepy.
Travis: It would be! Yeah!
Clint: We haven't been to a morgue. We haven't been to a morgue since...
Justin: Yeah, let's...
Clint: two arcs ago...
Justin: Let's go to the morgue. I'd love to see how we're going to get into the morgue.
Travis: Let's go to the morgue-y zone.
Griffin: So wait, do we want to do, uh, Aubrey, you go talk to Dani, and... Ned and Duck to the morgue?
Clint: If I may have a vote, I say let him go talk to Dani, we'll take care of something else, and then I think we all ought to go to the morgue. Is that all right with you, Juice?
Justin: Yup.
Griffin: Okay, let's do this conversation with Dani. When... you're trying to find like a time to talk to her where she is not, sort of, around anybody else, and you get a great opportunity to do so because I think it can be just like later that day that the Hornets showed up, you find Dani and she is just kind of walking around in the clearing in the woods, where the archway is. And she's just, she's actually like got a hand up on it, and she is just kind of like, standing there with her eyes closed, and in fact I don't think she notices when you sort of walk up.
Travis: And of course Aubrey's out taking Dr. Bonkers out for a walk.
Griffin: Okay. That's the first time I've ever heard you leave off one of his names.
Travis: Oh, sorry! Dr. Harris Bonkers. Thank you. Thank you, Griffin.
Griffin: PhD? It's been so long.
Travis: Yeah, Dr. Harris Bonkers, PhD.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: You know, how you take rabbits for walks?
Griffin: Yeah, sure, sure, sure.
Travis: Or for... hops? And, and she...
Aubrey: Hey, Dani! Ahem! Ah-heh-hem!
Griffin: Dani is not startled, I think, by your approach. And she turns around and looks at you, and she looks... she does not look, sort of, the usual sort of chill... you're not getting those usual chill vibes that you get from Dani when she's just kind of kicking it around Amnesty Lodge. She is definitely upset about something. And she says,
Dani: Hey, Aubrey. Sorry. I... sorry. What's up?
Aubrey: Well... I need to talk to you, but first, is everything okay?
Dani: Not really? I mean, the, the-- I was, I guess I'm homesick, a little bit, I, uh... I've still got, I've still got family over in Sylvain that, you know, I'm not allowed to go over and see, and it's... you know, I'm grateful for Mama putting us up and giving us a safe place to stay, but it's, it's, you know, it's hard... I'm... I miss them a lot.
Aubrey: I totally understand, and... we can talk... let's make plans to hang out later and unpack that, and I want to be here for you, but... I need to talk to you, and it's incredibly urgent. Um...
Griffin: She is, she's actually distracted as you're saying this, like, she's... she actually kind of turns away from you and is looking back at the gate, and I don't even think she responds to what you're saying. She is very, very sort of engrossed.
Aubrey: Dani, you might be in some serious shit very shortly. There was an attack at the Hornet's Nest, where that biker gang hangs out, and the attacker-- the description is very much like you, um, and I know it's not you, because you wouldn't do it, and I'm not saying it was you. I'm saying, I need you to tell me where you were, and if you know-- are there any other, you know, Sylvainians around like you, blond women...?
Griffin: This is definitely Investigate.
Travis: Okay. All right.
Griffin: Let's keep the streak alive. Those big-boy rolls. What's your Sharp though? Travis has rolled a 6. What's the Sharp--
Travis: Plus one. That does give a mixed success.
Griffin: All right, on a mixed success for Investigate, you hold one. So you get to ask one question. You're asking where she was-- you're trying to get an alibi, right? So it's not...
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: I guess this could be Investigate A Mystery if you were trying to weed out that she is not the monster, right? So I guess we could, I guess the rules still apply here. I'm willing to let just, you know, 'Where were you last night?' be the question here. [crosstalk] If that makes--
Travis: Okay, cool, then let's go with that.
Griffin: She says,
Dani: I don't remember, Aubrey. I cannot remember where I was last night, because I wasn't, sort of, aware of it. I, I--
Griffin: And now that her breath is, like, quickening, you can tell she's getting kind of scared? She says,
Dani: I was taking a walk down toward Mt. Kepler, next thing I know, it's, it's morning, and I wake up here, in front of the arch, and I was... I was holding this?
Griffin: And she's got this little satchel with her, and she opens it up and reaches inside and she pulls out this sort of dark blue book that is, the cover of which is sort of heavily damaged, and the-- it's this hard leatherbound cover that is etched with these arcane symbols that, like, I think you know enough about magic and stuff from your lessons to know that they are magic symbols but you definitely, you can't really tell what it says. She says,
Dani: So, um, that was my morning. How was yours?
Aubrey: Well, we got threatened by a biker gang, and I got outed as using magic and fighting monsters. So also not great. Now that you mention it, cool. So... I, on my end, am going to figure out what happened, and make sure you don't get in trouble, and do everything in my power-- which is a lot, because I can do magic and throw fire and stuff-- to make everything okay. Um, I need you to just kind of lay low and, uh, for fuck's sake, if you see a biker, run.
Griffin: Dani smiles when you say that, I think she appreciates the concern, and she says,
Dani: I'm not scared of them, Aubrey. I'm not-- I'm not afraid of what they'll do to me. I'm scared of what they might find out. I'm scared of war between our worlds. And frankly, I'm scared of this.
Griffin: And she points at the book. She says,
Dani: I'm going to hide out, of course, I'm going to lay low, but I need you to get out there and find out what this is.
Travis: Griffin, real quick. I'd like to Read A Bad Situation.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Travis: In regards to the book.
Griffin: All right.
Travis: Let me... okay, cool, a 10.
Griffin: All right.
Travis: So, one, I want to ask, are there any dangers we haven't noticed, and I want to couple that with my Third Eye. The Third Eye that lets me, you know, kind of examine magical shit.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay.
Travis: Look for magic. I want to kind of do those simultaneously with the book.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, I mean, it pops off. As you sort of--
Travis: 'Cause I'm expecting some, like, Tom Riddle shit.
Griffin: Oh, no, nothing quite that, sort of, inherently obviously evil. You open up the book and just kind of like thumb through it quickly, and you know, clap on your Third Eye, which also reads, and it makes like a gross noise as it moves back and forth to read. Is it a physical eye? Have we...
Travis: No. No! It's not a physical eye!
Griffin: Anything's possible!
Travis: I mean, that's true, Duck is wearing a sword belt, so...
Griffin: It is, I think the, in terms of it being a danger, I think the thing that you, I think the thing that you pick up on is, there are incredibly powerful magic spells in this book. It is a guidebook for how to cast extremely advanced, extremely potent magic. And I think that that's how you could interpret it as a danger. I think with your Third Eye, like, you're able to tell that there's like, one passage here that is sort of the most complicated and most powerful spell of them all, and again, you can't make out what the symbols say, just because like, you're not that advanced in it yet, but there is sort of an image, and the image you can clearly tell is sort of a crude drawing of a mountain and there appears to be-- there's something coming out of the mountain, there's like... smoke, or fog, or something coming out of the mountain. Not necessarily like a volcano, but just like it's emitting this smoke in all directions. That is what you pick up on.
Travis: And I want to use one more of the Hold Three, and that's just, while I still have that ol' Third Eye open what's the best way to protect the victims? I want to just kind of like, look over Dani, and see if there's any, like, weird aura, or weird energy, or any kind of thing like that. Am I seeing around her, any kind-- I'm worried that she was like possessed, or something?
Griffin: Oh, I see, I see, I see. There is, you can, you're picking up on traces of some sort of energy thing. Like, that's about as specific as you can pick up on.
Travis: So there definitely was something there, but it doesn't appear to still be present?
Griffin: I don't know if you can tell the latter thing, but there definitely was something there.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: And let's call the scene there, and get to the morgue.
Travis: And just real quick, I did tell Duck and Ned about the book, but I said I found it by the gate whilst taking Dr. Harris Bonkers PhD on a walk.
Griffin: Love it, love it, lovin' it. Okay, so the, the morgue, huh? The morgue is sort of in a building adjacent to the sheriff's department, not so, like, close to the front door that like you're going to walk in front of Sheriff Owens directly as you try to get into the morgue, which, I think you were right in your assumption that it may be kind of tricky to get in there. This is obviously not a super big town, so the morgue is a fairly small and humble building, there is a sort of entry chamber as you walk inside with a big heavy door towards the back that is where, sort of, the morgue business is taken care of. And then there's a small, just like, Ikea desk in front of it, with some notes and stuff on it. And as you walk in, there is a man sitting at that desk, and he is wearing a white lab coat, and he is just sort of reading some stuff on his desk. He actually has a brochure out for the Green Bank Telescope, and he is reading it, sort of, with, I mean he just doesn't even notice that you guys come in as he is reading this brochure. And you all are in the morgue.
Travis: We walk past him?
Griffin: (laughs) Uh...
Travis: That's what I thought you were implying! "You're in!"
Griffin: No, the door is big, and-- the door into the morgue is big, and it has actually, you see a keycard lock next to it.
Clint: I got us this far.
Travis: What did you do?!
Clint: Well, I had the idea, Travis! I said, go to-- I did drive us, by the way, we stopped at Cryptonomica so I could get the Cryptonomica van, and pick up something else.
Griffin: Okay, that's ominous, I'm very scared of what that could be. At this point, now that you all have walked into the morgue and remained silent for eight straight minutes, the morgue technician looks up at you, and he says,
Gregor: Can I help y'all with something?
Duck: Well, we would like to see the bodies of--
Aubrey: My brother!
Duck: My dad.
Ned: My son.
Duck: His brother. Her-- His-- His son, her brother, my dad.
Aubrey: Not related. There's two of 'em.
Ned: But you have to figure out which two.
Duck: We need to see a body for a dare. I'm sorry about all the lies from before but we need to see a body for a dare.
Aubrey: I was dared to look at the body of my brother.
Ned: And my son.
Aubrey: I was dared to look at the body of his son. Who is also my brother.
Justin: Everybody can't be--!
Aubrey: Because he is my father.
Justin: Everybody's bit can't be that they're bad at lying! I put my, like, I staked my claim in that, you fuckin' stooges! [crosstalk]
Travis: I thought mine was a good lie, of like, I'm here to identify my brother, I'm here with an officer of some kind, and this is my elderly caretaker who watches over me because our parents are deceased. It was going to be a good lie, and then Ned had to throw in, and you, my father, or son or whatever--
Clint: Griffin, what is-- I assume he has a nametag on, right? An official nametag?
Griffin: He does. It says--
Justin: Careful. Don't force Griffin to create a character if he's not ready to do it. He'll get very snippy.
Clint: Just a name! Just a name!
Griffin: Greg-- Gregor.
Justin: See?
Clint: Gregor?
Griffin: Gregor.
Clint: Greg-or. Very distinctive name.
Griffin: No, Gregor! (Pronounced more like "Gregger") Gregor, Gregor.
Ned: Okay, I remember on the InterNed, there's a-- there is a-- one of the handles is Gregor Mortis. You-- aren't you a fan of Saturday Night Dead?
Travis: God damn, Dad, Gregor Mortis is a great username.
Justin: It's such a good pull, Dad. What-- what is the move, Griffin, where you're-- not just trying to investigate someone or manipulate them, but try to-- impose a reality--
Griffin: No, this is fucking great! Let's do it! Shape this shit, man, I love it, you're on some-- it's some Infinity War shit, you just snapped and Gregor existed. So this is-- "net friends" is your role here--
Clint: Eleven!
Justin: Wow!
Griffin: That's an eleven plus charm.
Clint: Plus charm, which is plus one, so that's 12.
Griffin: Okay. Gregor, Gregor Mortis looks up at you and I think it actually takes them a second to actually kind of figure out what you're talking about, and then Gregor says,
Gregor: Oh! Oh man, oh my God, I'm sorry, I didn't realize that it was-- that it was you, Ned! So wait, you need to get in there and-- and see bodies?
Ned: Well, we're doing a little research for an upcoming episode, the uh, the Night of the Living Dead, and we wanted to look at a not-living dead person. Um, so-- if could spare us just a few moments in there while we do a little research for Saturday Night Dead, Gregor--
Aubrey: I'm supposed to build some, like, you know, mannequin bodies for the set, and so I just need reference just to see... I've never seen a dead body before, you know?
Duck: (quiet) And none of us have the internet.
Aubrey: I don't want that on my search history, are you kidding me? Oh, what if my parents saw!
Justin: Thank you. That's good.
Gregor: Yeah, I can, um-- I can let you in. I really don't want Sheriff Owens to find out about this--
Ned: No, no no no no no, believe me.
Aubrey: We don't either!
Ned: He's not a friend of the show.
Gregor: No, I-- listen, there's not a back door out of there for y'all to sneak through, it's really just this one. So be quick, I guess, and-- yeah, this-- this is a weird request, Ned, but... anything for the webmaster.
Ned: And here, wait wait, I have one of these enamel pins...
Travis: Where are you pulling it from?!
Ned: My face... um... and, uh...
Travis: No no no, it's of your face, you were pulling it from--
Griffin: You didn't just rip it--
Ned: True, yes, an enamel pin of my face.
Travis: I misunderstood.
Ned: But in this, this, my friend Gregor, is for you.
Travis: Now who would be so vain as to make an enamel pin of their own face?
Griffin: Yeah. Unbelievable. Gregor lights up and pushes it through his badge, which takes some effort, but with his super strength he does it--
Travis: Whoa!
Griffin: He walks over and swipes his badge across the keypad, and he says,
Gregor: Seriously, like maybe five minutes? And then let's get you out of here?
Aubrey: You've got it.
Griffin: Okay. You all walk into the morgue room, and in an effort to kind of keep you concealed, he shuts the door behind you. So there are two bodies covered in sheets on, sort of, two metal racks, one of which has been clearly sort of worked on recently. There are a few-- what are those things that like, you can slide bodies in and out of in morgues in TV shows and movies?
Clint: Slabs!
Griffin: The slabs. Yeah. That's probably the best name for it. There's definitely a few of those in the room. Also, like, just like Gregor explained, there's no other sort of entry or exit from the room. And that's where you are.
Travis: Aubrey spooks Duck.
Aubrey: Boo! Did it work? Did I get him?
Duck: This is all profoundly disturbing. Let's just try to keep some sense of decorum in here, eh?
Justin: Okay, I'm going to pull back one of the sheets, at random.
Griffin: Okay, you pull back one of the sheets, and underneath it is a dead guy. [Justin laughs loudly] And I think just like you were told by Detective Megan back at the Hornet's Nest, it's a sort of, it's a grisly thing that's happened to them. There are bite marks, but not really bite marks, right, it's-- it doesn't appear to be like in a vampire movie where there's two sort of cute little discreet fang marks, like, it's a bite mark like a, more akin to like, a small shark got in there, and yeah, I think that's all. That's what is obviously apparent about this thing... this thing, this former-- this former human Kepler, Keplerian, without rolling.
Aubrey: So should we... say a few words?
Duck: I mean, I don't think people who sneak into morgue have been called on to-- I don't think so!
Aubrey: It feels like-- I don't want to just start-- [crosstalk]
Ned: Here are a few words gross. Gnarly.
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: Yeah, but it's still a person!
Ned: Look at the stitchwork on the-- oh, God, why do they open them up like that?
Duck: This poor bastard's been taken back to Chicago something fierce. [crosstalk]
Aubrey: He's bought an apartment there, like, long lease... hey, Ned, are you grossed out like, by the wounds, or by the shoddy work of the undertaker or whatever the fuck?
Justin: Whatever you're trying to establish.
Ned: Well, no, but look how-- No, I'm sorry, as an artist, I find this very disturbing.
Aubrey: Okay, you sound like a serial killer.
Travis: Griffin, I would like to look at the wounds, I guess?
Griffin: Okay, I mean, this is just Investigate a Mystery, I think, if you're wanting to--
Travis: Plus Sharp?
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: So it's a 7. It was a 6 plus 1.
Griffin: Okay, so you get to ask one question from the list, looking...
Travis: What happened here?!
Griffin: I'm trying to think of how to give you sort of more details than what you got just from eyewitnesses. Looking at this thing-- how about this, there's definitely like, on this, on this rack, there is a clipboard hanging from it, with a coroner's report. And I think between just sort of looking at the victim and looking at the coroner's report, you can tell that they did die from blood loss. But there's nothing mentioned in the report about, like-- there's no blood. There's no-- [crosstalk]
Travis: There's nothing like 'drained' like one might be afraid of with a 'vampyr.'
Griffin: Yeah. They weren't made into a Capri Sun. They were just kind of... they were just kind of-- they were just maimed, in sort of the gnarliest way possible, it seems like.
Aubrey: Doesn't it-- let me ask you fellas a question. Doesn't this seem almost calculated to be scary? Like, you'd think if it was a monster trying to feed, right, that they had time to attack multiple, like more than just two, and then walk away-- like, this is a lot of attack. Like, one of these wounds would probably have killed this guy.
Duck: Yeah. It seems like overkill.
Aubrey: It doesn't just seem like a rampage because they stopped and left.
Ned: There's got to be a reason why this attack happened.
Aubrey: You know, in the past when we've seen like these attacks, it seemed almost like, you know, if you let a bear loose somewhere, you know what I mean? But this isn't like the kind of attacks we saw with like, the water thing, or the, like, abomination thing...
Ned: All right, hear-- hear me out. I have a wild and crazy idea. You know the item I stopped at Cryptonomica and picked up?
Griffin: This is going to be so good.
Ned: Okay, you, Duck, are basically wearing a-- a magic belt, a magic weapon belt.
Duck: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah.
Ned: Aubrey is seething with magic correct? Aubrey, seething?
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Ew? Gross? But yes.
Ned: And in, under my jacket, I've got a gun with a fucking magic crystal in it, right?
Duck: Sure, magic artifacts. Magic is real.
Ned: So we got magic all over the place.
Duck: Ooh, magic for days.
Ned: I picked up an item at the Cryptonomica that I stole from Theresa Caputo's house. That I think--
Duck: [sighs loudly]
Aubrey: Who?
Ned: Theresa Caputo. She's the Long Island Medium.
Aubrey: [simultaneously] Okay...?
Duck: [simultaneously] Okay...? [Griffin laughs]
Ned: With all of this magic and all of this power--
Clint: And I pull out an Ouija board.
Duck: Uh. Okay...
Ned: Why don't we ask the dead guys?
Justin: I just... [whispers unintelligibly]
Griffin: I tell you what would be fun. I tell you what would be fun, is if I make Ned do a Use Magic roll. If I make Ned do a Use Magic roll to do this thing that he has suggested. And that's not to say that if you roll a fucking 14 like you do sometimes, Clint McElroy, that I will then make one of the bodies sit up and start tap dancing. But if you want anything to come out of this, I feel like you're going to have to roll to use magic.
Clint: Okay. I'm willing to try it.
Griffin: I'm willing to try it too. Because we're having fun here.
Travis: I'm definitely willing to watch him try it.
Justin: Yeah, I'm willing to stand ten feet away and...
Clint: Now remember how a Ouija board works, no no no no no, everybody has to put their fingers on the-- the plinth (sic; it's actually called a planchette) [crosstalk] and it spells stuff out. Nobody's going to sit up, there's--
Griffin: And there's not a table to-- there's not like a service-- [crosstalk]
Clint: Just set it on top of the guy! Set it on top of the guy!
Griffin: Yeah, you just put it on the other guy who's still covered up.
Clint: Yeah!
Justin: Okay. So wait. I just want to clarify the sequence of events. We came to the morgue to look for clues--
Griffin: [laughing] On a field trip-- on a dare--
Justin: We pulled back the sheet of one person, looked at it, and it was like well, confirmed, folks, the facts are here, this body's done been fucked up. And then my dad pretends-- my pretend dad in the game-- pulls out a Ouija board and is like, I'll contact 'em! And now I'm like, but there's a whole other body, you don't want to look real quick? "Hey, I said I brought a Ouija board!" [crosstalk] [Griffin laughing]
Travis: [laughing] "What part of 'I brought a Ouija board' don't you understand?"
Justin: But does it-- do we have to be in close proximity to the-- "I've got a magic gun!" I know!
Travis: I've got a magnifying glass and I've got a microscope and I've got a Ouija board!
Justin: I think we should put this to a vote. For all the listeners. They get to say if what they-- [heavy crosstalk and laughing]
Travis: The first ever call-in poll.
Justin: It should be one of those, like, two different 800 numbers. Except make 'em 900 numbers so we profit, something. [Travis laughs]
Travis: All right, so Dad, roll...
Justin: laughs loudly
Travis: ...a 6. Now...
Griffin: What's your-- now, Dad rolled a 6, plus Weird.
Clint: Plus Weird. Which is a zero.
Griffin: So that's a failure on Use Magic, which means I--
Clint: 6? 6 is a failure?
Travis: Yeah!
Griffin: Yeah, dude.
Travis: We've been playing for months! [crosstalk]
Griffin: We've playing this game for a long time, yeah. Here is what happens. You all are doing this... this, uh, pseudo-seance on top of this, the other body that is--
Ned: OH SPIRITS IN ATTENDANCE, THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE CROSSED OVER TO THE OTHER SIDE, SPEAK! SPEAK TO YOUR HUMBLE SERVANTS! PLEASE! I BEG OF THEE!
Griffin: As you are doing that, I think you are sort of getting a little bit too into it, and you push down too hard on the board trying to get some sort of response, and it just sort of falls and clatters to the ground. And as it does so, you now can see under where the board was, there is some blood sort of soaking into the sheet.
Travis: We... pull the sheet back...?
Griffin: As you pull the sheet back, you can now see the individual underneath it. It is a man who is sort of similarly torn up in the way that the other body was, however, this is a-- a fresh one. And you can tell just, you know, by visually comparing the two. And I think you're so, sort of, struck by the, again, like, grievousness of these wounds, that you-- it actually takes you a little bit longer to look at the face of this person, and when you do, you see the face of Gregor, the technician you were talking to outside. And as you notice that, the door into the morgue starts to swing open. [Theme music (The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy) plays]
