Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Stern: I’m here to put an end to a threat that few people, even within my own department, believes exists in the first place. All I ask is that the next time I ring your bell, you come running.
Aubrey: We’re gonna head up to Topside, she’s gonna open the portals to vent after we’ve distracted the FBI agents and we’ve gotten close to the gate.
Griffin: And then your perspective changes as if you’ve just jumped into this void, and you go down and down, and you see the bright, red heart of the Quell.
Thacker: That had nothing to do with peyote. [Griffin laughs]
Griffin: You see, like, silhouettes of these guards catching each other in their flashlights, and then twelve headlights illuminate all at once. And they slip in formation down the far bank of a creek and then launch out of the opposite side, and the moon illuminates the trajectory of the Hornets’ last flight. [“The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme” music plays]
Griffin: The cricket song of the Monongahela National Forest erupts into chaos. Flashlights and headlights dance between the trees, scored by panicked shouts and roaring engines. The Hornets complete stylish, taunting laps around Amnesty Lodge, leading the FBI response unit on a wild goose chase deeper into the woods. The three of you, along with the three other Chosen, Barclay, and Janelle in tow, use the distraction to sprint toward the lights of the main facility ahead. Thacker hacks through the brush, carving an unseen path in the wilderness toward their destination. Minerva holds up a meaty hand, and your party pauses. Hollis screams by, pursued by a half dozen armed guards. They pass, and you proceed.
Griffin: Finally, you arrive at the source of the brilliant, white light you followed through the forest. It’s a vast, makeshift installation built of rigid canvas and thick sheets of secure panelling, illuminated from within, and without mirroring the full moon that has begun to peak over a crumbling Mt. Kepler. A slender metal door is the only interruption of this light, and the only means of access into this facility.
Griffin: Beside it, a keypad is bolted to the wall. And Dr. Drake says,
Dr. Drake: Well, guess that’s it. Uh, noble effort, y’all, but y’know, the door’s locked. So... go get a sixer at Brewster’s, and we can head on back to my place and play some board games or something.
Duck: Yeah, I mean, we had a good run, but hey.
Aubrey: What— I— no— what? [crosstalk]
Duck: Win some, lose some.
Aubrey: We’ve literally just encountered the first obstacle.
Dr. Drake: Well, I’d argue—
Duck: Yeah, but it’s a keypad. Look at it.
Dr. Drake: Yeah, I’d argue the first obstacle was the gate with the cameras that you and the other Harry Potter kind of screwed the ol’ pooch on, but, uh...
Aubrey: We have reached the second obstacle.
Duck: Now, let me try. Hold on. Uh...
Justin: And I press seven.
Duck: No, it’s not seven.
Aubrey: Try one, two, three, four, five. [crosstalk]
Thacker: Try one, two, three— yeah! One, two, three, four, five.
Duck: Yeah. One... two... three... four... five...
Justin: Do I notice any... I'm pressing through those numbers. Do I notice any sort of like, different reaction that would give me an idea of like, how many numbers I'm supposed to enter?
Griffin: I have just realized... hi, this is Griffin. I’ve just realized that the last time I gave you a keypad lock puzzle was at the end of Balance, and you all just— I forget what wild solution you came up— but I also remember, it took you 25 minutes to get through it.
Travis: It was the hole.
Clint: Thacker has an idea.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Wait, I want an answer to my question first.
Griffin: Uh, no, you don’t. It’s probably one of those things where you have to press the star button at the end of it, so you really don’t even have any way of knowing how many numbers it’s supposed to be.
Justin: Okay. Alright.
Clint: You said it was made out of canvas. Could we not, like, cut through it?
Griffin: Uh, you could certainly try. It’s like, a... it is a, um... it’s not like a tent. It’s not like a canvas tent. It’s like rigid, uh, like, cemented canvas material. But, if you did—
Clint: I knew that was too easy, yeah.
Griffin: If you did want to try and smash through, it’s fine.
Travis: Aubrey’s gonna lightning bolt the keypad.
Griffin: I mean, it worked so good last time.
Travis: Well, we’re gonna try. And away... we go.
Griffin: Let’s see that number. Let’s see that big number. Okay, that’s an eight.
Travis: Uh, and then I have a plus three to magic, minus one, but it’s still a ten.
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Justin: Heyyy!
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: That’s a success.
Griffin: Yeah, that’s a success. I think that that is... we’re kind of fudging it a little bit, because I don’t think Kick Some Ass is even appropriate, because it’s not like this keypad’s gonna be like, “No, y’know what? Fuck you!” [laughter] Pull out like a gun. That is definitely enough to uh, shock the door. And the keypad just like... sparks come shooting out of it, and it pops out of the wall cartoonishly. And with that, the door slides open.
Griffin: And with that Minerva turns to you, Duck, and she says,
Minerva: It's time, Duck Newton.  I must take my position to open the vents at your signal.  May I, um, may I pull you aside for a moment?
Duck: Yeah, sure, what's up?
Griffin: And she grabs you and she walks you a little bit away from the facility while everyone else kinda crowds up around the door, and she says,
Minerva: I have a confession, Duck Newton, and you must not share it with Dr. Drake or Leo Tarkesian, do you understand?
Duck: ...Yeah?
Minerva: I can understand your hesitation, last time I made a confession to you it was how I obliterated an entire planet, but this one's not quite as bad... It's pretty bad. [crosstalk]
Duck: Is it, is it bad, it's still bad— [crosstalk]
Minerva: It's bad.
Duck: Alright.
Minerva: When I made contact with this planet, when I chose a champion with which to share my powers and expertise, my ability to select that recipient was... limited.
Duck: Mmm.
Minerva: You must understand, that process is complicated and taxing, and, well, the people I chose— which is to say, you and Leo and Dr. Drake, they were essentially... within a radius of a few dozen miles... completely random.
Duck: Ohhh... kay.
Minerva: You doing okay?
Duck: So it's like. You still, like, did you, you still, okay, now wait. This is key.  Is it, like, the area of the radius was random, or your selection within said radius was random?
Minerva: The latter one. Which one would make you feel better?
Duck: Well, like. If you had to pick everybody at my high school, I would still feel pretty good, right. [Clint laughs] That would still be like, hero-dictorian, right? I would still be like, the most heroic person at my high school. Which is fine. Um. The other one, complete randomness is a little jarring, that would be, uh, a little bit tougher to swallow, yeah.
Minerva: I must also admit it was jarring to me, it caused me no amount of consternation when you decided to completely shrug off your destiny, Duck Newton.
Duck: Yeah, but it seems like, one, you didn't answer the question, which is cool, I get it. Second, um, I mean, it doesn't sound like it was much of a destiny, it sounds more like a dice roll to me.
Minerva: Now, listen. I did believe that, for some time. But after seeing what you have done, seeing what you are capable of, I no longer believe that. I no longer believe the process actually was random. For whatever reason, by whatever providence, I found exactly the right person for this impossible task.
Duck: You know, it's funny, Minerva, uh, I've been in the mix here for a while now, and just by keeping my own eyes open, you know what I think?
Minerva: What's that?
Duck: I think that sometimes, if we believe in people enough, and we tell people that they can do great stuff, that a lot of times people surprise ya. I don't think it's— you don't know a lot of humans, but uh, from what I've seen, if you tell them that they're capable of great things, a lot of times, they'll get there.
Minerva: I agree, Duck Newton.  Will you... will you kneel, Duck Newton?
Duck: In subservience to you, my new overlord?
Minerva: No, no— [music fades in]
Duck: Finally, the alien takeover has arrived, it is happening, the conquest starts with me, slave numero uno. Duck Newton, organ farm, let's go, put me in a tube.
Minerva: Just— humor me, it's for a ceremony, Duck Newton.  You've spoiled the moment somewhat.
Duck: Well, it's alright, I'll go ahead and kneel, then.
Griffin: She draws her sword and places it on your shoulder, and she says
Minerva: Duck Newton, your powers... I believe they've begun to rival my own, as hard as that may be for you to believe. You are my ward no longer.  By the light inside, between, and around, I name thee a Herald of the Astral Mind.
Griffin: And Leo and Dr. Drake are looking at you like, okay. Okay, this is cool, this is cool. And she leans down, Minerva leans down, and she's like,
Minerva: That’s a— I know that's new stuff— that's a big deal.
Duck: Oh, awesome, yeah, that sounds great. Yeah, for sure. [crosstalk] In for a penny, in for a pound, that's what I say.
Minerva: [crosstalk] There’s not many of those. Yeah. So, um.
Griffin: And she stands you up, she says,
Minerva: I don't know what you're gonna face today, but I trust with my whole heart in your ability to decide what is right and true, and make that decision your reality.  So, good luck, my dear friend.
Griffin: And she just crushes you with a big bear hug.
Justin: Which I return, obviously.
Griffin: She says,
Minerva: Ooh. Those arms are getting beefier, friend.
Duck: Yeah. Got a regular gun store here.
Travis: It's a hug battle... Roll to hug some ass. [laughter]
Griffin: Now, if you roll a ten plus, you can hug extra ass. You suffer no hug at all. Now this is the makings of a new hot RPG—
Justin: Now we got a game.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: She steps back, away from you, and Leo takes her side, and he says,
Leo: Yeah, uh, I'm gonna go with her— not that I think she's gonna need any help but, y'know, just in case, I don't want her trying to defend her position on her own.  Two swords are better than one, right? That's just math.
Duck: Yeah, that's math.
Griffin: And he puts a hand on your shoulder, he says,
Leo: I was gonna tell you to make us proud, Duck, but I— I don't think you're capable of doing anything but that, so.  Do good work in there, keep your elbows up, remember, keep 'em a little bit tighter, and uh, yeah, you're gonna do fine.
Duck: Hey listen, I think— I don't know really what to say, other than, um, you're an old guy who has taught me everything he knows, and narratively it would make a lot of sense for you to beef it, so I need you to have your head on a super swivel in there, alright?
Leo: I'm pretty sure I tried to cash my ‘beef it’ chip already, and it bounced, so uh, I think I'm good.
Duck: You're mixing a fuckin’ lot of metaphors there, bud—
Leo: There were like four metaphors in there, yeah—
Duck: It was like four combined into one delicious slurry, but um— and there's a fifth— just go ahead and take care of yourself, okay?
Leo: Yeah, you got it.
Griffin: And he reaches into his pocket, and he pulls out a slim jim, he hands it to you, and he says,
Leo: I know you like these, you're always coming by and getting them, you can uh, I dunno, if you need to get some juice back in the tank, I just— some protein, jam some protein in your hour of need— I dunno, this is nothing.
Travis: Wait, is this like a healing potion?
Justin: Fuck, I—
Clint: Magic slim jim!
Justin: I could roleplay a gay elf with magical powers, I don't think I can roleplay someone who likes beef jerky. [laughter] That may be too much for me, frankly.
Leo: You told me that beef jerky's your life, and that you eat it with every meal—
Duck: I just don't, I don't understand—
Leo: Technically it's not even jerky, slim jim is like some sort of reconstitated, reconstituted beef tube—
Duck: Minerva just declared me one of the mystic knights of Tir na Nog, [Clint laughs] and I can no longer sully my body, my vessel of that charge, with any more of this, this stink meat.
Leo: I... I understand.
Duck: But I will keep it as a treasured gift—
Leo: The gesture's done, it's fine.
Duck: I appreciate it, it's real nice, for sure.
Clint: If Randy Macho Man Savage were still alive, he would be so pissed right now.
Justin: Yeah. That's fair.
Griffin: And with that, uh, Leo jumps up on Minerva's shoulders as she just charges through the woods, just barreling—
Travis: Wait, what?
Griffin: Through trees—
Travis: He just hops up and gets a piggyback ride?
Griffin: Yeah, he does. And, yeah. The door is open. Inside you can kinda see a small little entry chamber, where there appears to be some sort of security outpost that is now deserted thanks to the motor bike stunts that are still happening out in the distance, and at the edge of this chamber you see some plastic sheeting that is sort of acting as a door.  And beyond it you see some lights, and you hear some activity from behind that plastic sheeting.  What do you do?
Travis: Um. Just based off of our kind of understanding of direction and geography,
Griffin: Right.
Travis: is that the way towards the gate? Or is that—
Griffin: Oh, yeah, yeah, so let me explain. You have now breached into the main facility. It is one large, sort of— It’s one large building, essentially, that was quickly constructed here by the FBI, and it’s right behind Amnesty Lodge, so yes, at the center of this facility, you assume, is where the archway is. I think there’s probably enough sort of like, arboreal landmarks around you for you to know which way you need to go inside the building, right? At least which heading you need to take. So this is the entryway, this is like, you essentially just have the one option moving forward here.
Travis: Okay, but like, it’s clear there’s some people behind this plastic sheeting, right?
Griffin: You would assume. It is so obvious I would tell you you hear, like, keyboard typing back there.
Clint: Thacker uses Psychic Event.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Clint: Opening his mind to try and figure out where Mama is since they have a connection—
Griffin: Oh, for sure.
Clint: And they are friendly. He opens his brain to the psychic environment and tries to figure out where Mama is.
Travis: Can you describe how it looks when he does this?
Clint: He squints up like he’s uh... taking a big crap and, uh...
Griffin: Good, good, this is good finale stuff.
Justin: There was a moment of hesitation there where Dad was trying to decide whether or not he should say that and then he just said it.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, but he did say it, and we’re really on some Story and Song level shit, so thanks for that, Dad. [laughter]
Clint: And, uh... squinches his face up, it’s real ugly, and he concentrates very hard. Alright, so, here we go.
Griffin: So... sensitive, okay.
Clint: It’s eight plus weird,
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: which is two—
Justin: Wow.
Clint: And that’s a ten.
Griffin: Good rolls, [crosstalk] what’s up.
Justin: Good job, Dad. Good psychic powers!
Griffin: You open up your mind to the psychic environment which, I think— I had a pretty clear idea of what that looks like whenever you were trying to spy on the Quell. Here, I don't think it is like, this crystal-clear picture like it was when you were sort of trying to commune with this supernatural entity, it is just like... you are echolocating, essentially, and you are using your relationship with Mama as sort of the anchor for that.  And so you can just kind-of make out shapes... You can mainly make out emotions.  She is exhausted, she is... you assume, like, tranquilized to some extent, and you also have picked up on what she has experienced in the last couple of minutes, especially since the Hornets' distraction ploy went off.  There was a lot of action here in the facility, a lot of alarms going off and a lot of people running around, so you assume just based on that that you have cleared out maybe— most of the security forces in here.  She was moved, when the distraction ploy kicked off.  She was moved from whatever holding chamber she was being kept in, and now she is being held in a different room.  She is being held— I mean, yeah, she would know what she is near, and she would be thinking about that and communicating that in a way that you would understand.  She is near the archway now.  But she is not alone.
Clint: So she's not in the actual building?
Griffin: She is in the building, yeah. The archway is inside the building, they've sort of constructed it around it as a secure location.
Travis: Much like in Thor, when they built it all around Mjolnir.
Griffin: Right, when they built it around M-jol-ni-nir.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: So that is what you have.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: You all are still standing in front of this plastic sheeting.
Aubrey: [whispering] Okay, so, I’m gonna say we just start going and don’t stop ’til we get there.
Duck: [sighs] Ya, I was just thinking, man, I’m not gonna be— I don’t want to kill anybody, you know?
Aubrey: No, [crosstalk] that’s what I’m saying, you just, you know, slicing through plastic and we just like, ske-daddle.
Duck: [crosstalk] Alright.
Thacker: One of the keys is acting like you belong there. So, if we just act like we belong here, that almost always works.
Aubrey: Okay, yeah, as Duck slices through plastic with the sword, you yell “we’re supposed to be here, don’t worry”.
Griffin: [laughs]
Duck: We lost our—
Thacker: Could we pretend to be exterminators or something?
Duck: That’s good, we lost our keys, so we used the sword to get in.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: Somebody’s gonna need to fix that, later.
Aubrey: Okay, we’ve got a plan.
Griffin: Janelle says,
Janelle: I don’t believe this plan is going to work very well, you all know earthlings better than I do, though, so.
Aubrey: Listen at this point, I wanna know who these fools are, that as alarms are going off, they’re still typing away at their keyboards.
Clint: [laughs]
Duck: You know, this is boring. Let’s just go.
Aubrey: Okay!
Duck: [laughs] Let’s go in and I’ll figure it out. I’m a duly appointed federal agent, basically.
Thacker: That’s true, [crosstalk] that’s true.
Duck: So I’ll cut in, just be like, hey there’s a flower emergency or something. You know?
Aubrey: [drawn out] Yeah.
Duck: The ol’ rigamarole. It’s fine.
Aubrey: [drawn out] The ol’ rigamarole.
Duck: I’ll be— [crosstalk] I’ll be real smooth about it.
Griffin: Alright!
Duck: Wait, lemme just knock! Why are we even wasting our time here? Let’s just knock.
Aubrey: Okay. Go for it!
Justin: Okay, I knock on the door.
Griffin: You knock on the— your fist passes through the plastic sheeting and somebody on the other side said,
NPC: Hey, what was that?
Justin: Alright, so I’ll just go ahead inside.
Duck: Hey everybody! Uh, my name is—
NPC: [alarmed] Hey, what the fuck!
Duck: Hey. [crosstalk]
NPC: Hey, who are you?
Duck: Nah, it’s okay, my name is Duck Newton, I’m a duly appointed federal agent, that is a nickname. Uh, my legal name is not Duck and I—
Griffin: You see one of them stand up and start walking toward the back of the room.
Duck: Hey, hey, listen. Hey, bud.
Justin: I’m gonna— I’ll take out Beacon and point it at their throat.
Duck: Hey, bud, we got some things to do tonight, alright? You don’t know me and you— and I wouldn’t kill any of you.
Beacon: But I—
NPC: You hear that? [crosstalk] He’s not going to kill us. Let’s get out of here!
Beacon: I, Duck Newton, would thrill at the idea of slicing—
NPC: His sword is talking! What the fuck! [crosstalk]
Beacon: Yes, I am. Yeah— yes, fleshbag, take your seat.
Griffin: The person sits back down. There’s about— there’s, uh, like four people in this room. You can now see it’s basically like a— uh, like a computer lab, this is where, like, they would— whatever research they are doing on the, uh— on the archway, they’re not doing it like right next to the thing. They have their computers, like, networked running into here and you see, uh, there’s— there are more computers than there are people in here so you assume some people already took off but these four, uh, are, I guess, the cool ones who weren’t scared by the alarms and people running around, so—
Travis: Aubrey steps in there with Duck, um,
Aubrey: Hey, you all seem nice, I’m betting you don’t want to fight us, we don’t wanna fight you, he’s got a talking sword, I can do real, ass magic...
Duck: It’s true. So, let’s— I’m bad at lying, so let’s just, uh, go for what are y’all doing? Let’s start there. Anybody answers, anybody wants to answer, just go for it. What are y’all up to?
Griffin: Nobody is... [laughs] inspired to answer that question.
Duck: Okay, well, listen, I’m a human being, I don’t want to hurt anybody, but my sword here loves this game called fingers and toes, and he’s just gonna start taking them and I can live with that ‘cause we got a lot on the line, and I’ll let him have, well, let’s start with one finger and then we’ll just kind of go from there. So, who wants to volunteer? Who’s not a big tennis buff, [Clint laughs] that can spare a pinky, anybody?
Griffin: This is— believe it or not, you need to roll plus charm to manipulate— you’re being very charming right now—
Justin: [sarcastically] What a smooth operator.
Griffin: Yeah, this is for sure manipulate someone, I think.
Justin: It’s not— Okay, it’s not a— I’m not bluffing and I’m not manipulating anybody, [laughing] I mean it’s a manipulation in the sense that— anyway.
Griffin: Well, wait, is this something that you are willing to follow through on?
Justin: Fuck yes I am.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay.
Justin: Absolutely, no question.
Travis: I would argue that it’s Act Under Pressure, then.
Duck: Yo listen! I— okay, I know y’all don’t know me very well, and I know I’m threatening a lot of stuff that sounds like a lot of macho bullshit, um, just a quick check though, with my two compatriots who know me a little better than you all, am I lying right now?
Aubrey: Oh no, you’d know. You’d know if he was lying.
Duck: You’d know in a fucking heartbeat if I was lying, bud.
Thacker: I’m going from the gut, yeah this seems to be you being honest.
Duck: Yeah, this is a legitimate situation we got going, and we honestly are running out of time, so, uh, I’m gonna—
Justin: You still— you want me to roll?
Griffin: Yeah, I mean, you’re trying to get information out of them and this is the reason you are giving them for it ‘or else I will cut off your fucking toes.’
Justin: Okay.
Clint: And I would suggest that by us— him asking us and us chiming in that we are helping.
Griffin: [hesitant] Uh, yeah, we can do that, I forget—
Justin: [unintelligible, something like “it would back up the play”] For sure.
Griffin: Can we do help out— You can do it before or after the roll, so do you  wanna let him roll and see what happens first—
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: So then you guys can roll to aid because there’s no need to open yourself up to consequences if you don’t need to.
Travis: Let him go first [crosstalk]
Clint: Okay.
Justin: That is a three.
Griffin: Woofa doofa. Plus charm.
Travis: I don’t know how much we could help.
Justin: Plus charm is one, that’s a four.
Griffin: Can’t help. That would get you up to six if you both succeeded. Uh, the person who was in— the person that you kind of convinced to sit back down in his chair, he stands back up and he charges for an alarm button at the back of the room and he’s just— he’s going to press it here in a second because your—
Travis: Aubrey acts under pressure.
Griffin: Okay?
Travis: And pulls off Barclay’s wristband.
Griffin: Uh, I don’t think you would need to act under pressure to do this but you are opening up Barclay to significant danger, I would say. I think he took it off whenever he, like, broke down the fence of anything, he’s definitely slipped it back on ‘cause he does not want to be just wandering around as Bigfoot but— so you’re ripping off his wristband?
Travis: We need a distraction. [laughs]
Griffin: [hesitant] Uh, okay?
Justin: I don’t— Okay, I want to question— I guess I don’t really have time in the moment to question the internal logic but like if I’m in a flow chart of logical actions, a bunch of dumbasses threatening me, I’m gonna go for the alarm. Like, what is the reality in which I see Bigfoot and think “I can handle this on my own.” [Griffin laughs]
Travis: That’s fair.
Justin: I don’t need— I don’t need an alarm for this.
Clint: Could Thacker throw his spiked stick at the alarm button?
Griffin: Uh, yes, I think it would take a very good roll to do it. I think this would be an act under pressure to make this move. If memory serves, cool is not Thacker's strongest suit, but if you want to give it a roll, give it a shot, then please have at it.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: You chuck your— Oh damn!
Justin: Ho, damn, he rolled a ten!
Griffin: You rolled a ten but I think it’s minus one, innit?
Clint: Yep, makes it a nine.
Griffin: I’ll give you— I will give you a price to pay, but it’s not your price. You throw it and you pin this guys hand to the wall—
Justin: Oh shit!
Griffin: And he just starts screaming like,
NPC: Ah! What the fuck! Wow, oh my god this hurts real bad!
Duck: I’m telling y’all, [crosstalk] we are not fucking with you. I’m serious, we are not fucking around! This is end of the world shit. I’ve done the train problem, you know what I mean? The trolley problem. I can run the numbers here guys, you gotta help me out!
Thacker: And to be honest, I was aiming for your head. [Justin and Griffin laugh]
Griffin: Okay, the guy’s like,
NPC: [distressed] Do I take it— do I take it out or leave it there? I’m not—
Thacker: Take it out— take it out, I’m gonna need it later.
NPC: [distressed] But is that bad or good is it— holding my blood in or what’s up?
Duck: [sighs] I always forget that, yellow on black, leave it in—
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: —red on black, I can never remember.
NPC: Oh my god, oh my god.
Aubrey: Alright, Thacker, pull it out.
Thacker: Alright.
Clint: [makes slurping noise]
NPC: Imma go— Imma go to sleep.
Duck: Yeah, you should faint, if you can faint.
NPC: I’m gonna go— I’m gonna go to sleep now.
Duck: Goodnight, yes.
Travis: Aubrey is going to attempt to heal the wound.
Griffin: Okay. Boy, I hope this fails. [multiple people laugh]
Duck: Alright, while my friend is tending to that, um, does anybody else wanna talk? Cuz I feel like even less time than before.
Travis: It’s a ten, total.
Griffin: Okay, Aubrey heals his hand, it heals up. He’s still—
Thacker: And I’m not even gonna wipe up— I’m not even gonna wipe the blood off the spike.
Griffin: Nasty, nasty, nasty.
Thacker: I’m just gonna wave it in your faces.
Griffin: There is a bespectacled woman who stands up and she’s like,
NPC: I— I— I— What do you— What do you wanna know? What’s— What’s the end of the world stuff? What’s going on? Is there— Is there something happening with the— with the door?
Duck: [sighs] I’m, listen— No, Heraldo, I’m not answering questions here. You’re gonna tell me what are you doing, come on.
NPC: We were brought here by the bureau of Unexplained Phenomena, and we were brought here to study this archway after some cataclysmic event that happened here in Kepler, and [stutters] we haven’t really learned anything and it hasn’t opened up, we’ve been trying to study, like, the patterns of energy that it’s been giving off and—
Duck: Great, that’s way too much. That’s plenty, um, where is Mama?
NPC: Who?
Aubrey: The woman, that was being interrogated.
Duck: [exasperated] Fuck [crosstalk]
NPC: Are you— are you talking about Ms. Cobb?
Duck: Yeah.
NPC: Uh, she’s—
Duck: Yeah, Ms. Cobb. Where’s she at?
NPC: Yeah, she’s— There was a holding room that they were keeping her in. She’s been in there for way longer than I think they’re allowed to keep people, but [stutters] she’s in there, it’s just back— back through that door to the left. Can we please go?
Aubrey: Yeah! Oh, yeah, the four of you need to, uh, get as far as you can, because like a planet devouring evil is about to, like, bust through the door, so you’re gonna wanna be, like, distant.
Duck: Yeah, none of y’all are wizards or anything, right?
Aubrey: Oh, that’s a good question! Can any of you fight? ‘Cause if so, maybe stay?
Duck: Maybe it won’t be that bad.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: [laughing] You’ll be okay. If any of you are like—
Thacker: Better than getting stuck on the hand.
Duck: Yeah, that— [laughing] that dude should go though, that dude’s cash.
Aubrey: You need to get to the hospital.
Griffin: The bespectacled woman says,
NPC: I LARP sometimes, but I think this is probably going to be a little bit heavier than that.
Aubrey: Hm, yeah.
Duck: Uh, yeah, yeah. That’s cool though, where do you do it— is that a local group or what’s—
Aubrey: Hey, we can exchange information later. Uh, everybody get the fuck out.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, the— two of the other folks in the room pick up the guy who you speared and along with that woman you were speaking to, they all leave the room and, uh, yeah. Now there is just, sort of, the door beyond deeper into the facility and while you were sort of, like, finishing up that negotiation, you see Dr. Drake and she, like, slides into one of the computers. Rather, she sits down in front of one of the computers, she doesn’t leap into the screen like a ghost rider or something.
Travis: [laughs]
Griffin: And you see, she’s just been, like, sort of typing away, ignoring the man’s screams as you spear his hand into the wall, uh, and after a while she taps on the enter button and she says,
Dr. Drake: Alright, uh, I got into the, um, I got in the backdoor—
Aubrey: Mainframe. [crosstalk] Mmhmm.
Dr. Drake: Yeah, I hacked into the FBI mainframe. No, it’s just like the facilities op system, uh, I got in there. There’s not a map or anything like that, but I’m pretty sure I can get you through whatever doors you need to get through but I gotta stay— I gotta stay here to do it. Um, do we have like— can we telepathically speak or somethin’, what’s the deal with that, Duck?
Duck: I mean, we got walkie talkies.
Dr. Drake: That is good. I forgot about— yes.
Duck: Yeah, you know, it’s alright. You got caught up in the wizardry and all that stuff, but yeah, we’ll just use... regular communication devices.
Dr. Drake: Alright, well, I’m gonna go ahead and lock every other door in the facility except the ones y’all need to move through, so hopefully we can limit the, sort of, uncomfortable discussions like the one we just had.
Duck: Fair.
Aubrey: I dunno, I thought we made some new friends.
Dr. Drake: It’s— yeah we’ll— we’ll see about that later. We’ll see how many, uh, you know, hits on “FB” we get after we get out of here, uh, but, uh, yeah, and also I guess if y’all die I can be, sort of, like, last bastion of hope for humanity out here in the entryway. I got this battleaxe that I guess I can use, so, um, this should be— this should be good. This is a good plan.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: Alright.
Aubrey: Uhuh.
Thacker: You know, I can’t tell if she’s being sarcastic or not.
Aubrey: No one can. [crosstalk]
Dr. Drake: Almost always, yeah constantly, it’s like a constant stream.
Aubrey: You don’t think that— yeah. [crosstalk]
Dr. Drake: I actually— I haven’t been sincere about anything since like 2004, so...
Aubrey: That’s when sincerity died!
Thacker: Alright, [crosstalk] I have a rough idea where Mama is from my psychic stuff so, follow me!
Dr. Drake: Cool, so we do have psychic stuff. Oh, just him, okay.
Aubrey: He does, I can.
Dr. Drake: Alright, bye y’all.
Aubrey: [fading] Bye. [someone makes walking noises] [Laughter] [Ad break]
Griffin: You all pass through this computer lab and you enter this long hallway, and as soon as you enter in, you see doors, like, in this hallway, that kind of curves around a circular, central structure. Boy, that was a mouthful. Uh, and as you, like, enter the hallway, you watch these lights above those doors just like all instantly turn red, uh, as Dr. Drake executes some sort of command, um, and then sort of around the hallway, leading to the center of this circular chamber, you see one of the doors kick on and turn green and Dr. Drake says,
Dr. Drake: Alright, that’s the um— that’s the decontamination room, uh, you pass through there and it’s just— I think it’s— I think that’s just it. I think that leads you right into where the— where the archway thing is that you told me about, so, um yeah. You better— you better git, I dunno how long it is before somebody comes in here and, you know, tries to— tries to start something, tries to get froggy.
Aubrey: Where’s Mama from here? [crosstalk]
Thacker: In that— In that room I think.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, the center of the facility is where you, sort of, saw the archway.
Aubrey: Okay, well then, what are we, you know, waiting for?
Travis: We move in!
Griffin: Okay! You all head into the decontamination room. It’s a— it’s like a long hallway, and you see it is illuminated, sort of, it’s walls are illuminated like a lot of these areas in this facility are. There’s some nozzles everywhere, there’s like a short little path where there’s some sort of, like, liquid on the floor. There’s a little, like, locker built into the wall for you to just, like, put your clothes and put on a biohazard suit or something. They are taking every precaution with this thing, you assume, but right now the, like, decontamination protocols do not look active as you step inside, and you begin making your way down the decontamination room?
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: That was a question, I’m asking.
Travis: Yes!
Justin: Oh, yes, absolutely.
Griffin: As you and your party, which just as a reminder, is the three of you with Barclay and Janelle, as you, sort of, move in through the room, uh, you see the door in front of you, the light above it, turn red, and you hear Dr. Drake say,
Dr. Drake: What the— what the hell?
Griffin: And then her walkie, you can’t hear it anymore, and then the lights in this room, in the hallway, just, sort of like, built into the walls, they fade and are just nearly out, and now there’s just sort of a dim light in here. Then you hear a mechanical noise off to your right, and when you look over, you see a panel slide open and behind a thick, you assume, bulletproof window, you see Agent Stern in a room alongside the decontamination chamber and he looks at all of you for a while, he looks at Thacker with a little bit of confusion, I don’t think y’all have met, and Agent Stern says,
Stern: I figured. I figured it was you. What are you all doing here?
Aubrey: Uh, saving the world, open the goddamn door.
Stern: Anybody else wanna try and take a different tact with that?
Duck: Um, I mean we are here, um, to save the world, that’s accurate and opening the door would be halciously rad of you, uh, but that’s just kind of a nice way of what Aubrey just said. Listen, we need Mama and we need your help, we’ve got like a razor thin chance of keeping Earth on the rails here, and if you could do us a solid and just get on board that’d be— you always seemed pretty cool, that’d be helpful.
Aubrey: Yeah, uh, to extend what I was saying earlier, uh, the world is about to be invaded by a force that was killing the world it was in, and if we don’t stop it, it will kill this Earth, and we’re the only ones who can stop it and we need to go through the gate and we need Mama to do that and we need you to make sure everyone’s kinda guarding this side of the gate or, let me check my calculations, tick tick tick tick, everyone’s gonna die.
Stern: You all have known about this stuff for the whole year I’ve been here with you. You’ve known about all this right?
Aubrey: Yes.
Duck: Yep.
Stern: And you kept it from me. Why? I could have helped, I could have done something, we could have stopped— we could have stopped Ned, the mountain, everything.
Duck: Hey, bud, like nothing personal, right, but look around you. This is the reality where the government knows what’s going on, right? Like, you have proven withholding information from you was the, one hundred percent, right path, ‘cause this is the reality we’re trying to avoid.
Aubrey: Mama has been, let’s be honest, kidnapped by y’all and our friends have been put in danger because you have locked them away from their home, Amnesty Lodge, and you have basically locked down  the entire town and put the inhabitants at risk, uh, and turned this into a literal federal case.
Griffin: You catch him off guard with that last part, you see, when you mention Mama especially, you notice like a— he loses his breath for a second and he says,
Stern: I suspected you all knew more than you were letting on, and because I got to know you, I assumed you weren’t using that information for any ill intent. I just— I just wish you’d told me, that’s all.
Griffin: I think one of you is going to need to— I think you’re making a good case here and I think he is very, very sympathetic to what you’re saying but I do— I still think this is gonna have to be a, uh, manipulate someone.
Justin: I got a seven plus one, eight.
Griffin: Uh, I mean if Aubrey and— or, I mean, you could use a luck point—
Travis: I got a six plus one, so a seven.
Griffin: That would bring it up to a nine, if Thacker wants to roll to help out too, you have not—
Clint: Eh, no help whatsoever, that’s a four.
Griffin: Uh, okay, that is a nine, they will do it only if you do something for them right now to show that you mean it. Agent Stern says,
Stern: I apologize, I know that— I know that apparently we are under constraints, it’s just this has been my entire life and there’s— I feel like there’s just so much that I do not know and I mean, [sighs] Barclay, I didn’t— I didn’t expect this from you.
Griffin: And Barclay looks at you, Aubrey and Duck, and at Thacker and Janelle, and he says,
Barclay: Ah, what the fuck.
Griffin: And he— he takes his bracelet off and turns into Bigfoot, and Agent Stern, like, takes a step back and he puts hands— he, like, clasps his hands around his mouth and, like, looks at all five of you in the face like, “What the— Really? What? What? This whole— what?” Uh, and then the panels—
Aubrey: That’s right, your best friend has been Bigfoot the whole time.
Griffin: And he takes a minute, and he collects himself, and he just smiles and the panel slides shut and the lights come back on and the door at the end of the room opens up and Agent Stern says,
Stern: We better hurry.
Griffin: And he gestures to this large metal door beyond the quarantine zone.
Travis: Do we know Agent Stern’s, like, first name?
Griffin: Agent Stern’s first name is...
Travis: Daniel.
Griffin: Not Daniel...
Clint: Roger.
Griffin: Not Roger... God I have a lot of characters in here— uh, here we go. Joseph.
Travis: Joseph.
Clint: Aw.
Travis: I don’t know why I asked, I would feel weird— I just thought about it and it would feel weird saying Joseph.
Griffin: Yeah, he— well, he— How about this, he says,
Stern: I’m probably not going to be an agent after they find out what I just did, so, um, I’m just Joseph now. [chuckles]
Aubrey: Alright, Joseph, listen, we’re gonna go through the gate, on this side you have to get your people ready because shit will come through. Shit is going to happen and they are going to need a voice of reason, they’re goin— because what we don’t want is panic or wildfire or anything like that. We want everyone to stay, you know, head on a swivel, have some idea what’s going on and you’re gonna be that voice of reason, alright? You’re gonna be the one who, you know, if it breaks bad, get people out of here, but like hold the line as long as you can, do you understand?
Stern: Um, I do, a lot of my people are out in the woods, as far as I know, chasing a bunch of stunt bikers around, but I will see what forces I can muster.
Aubrey: Yes.
Stern: What— [stutters] You mentioned a time limit, how— how long do we have?
Griffin: And Duck you look at your watch, it is— it’s like nine twenty-nine. You are— just like, I forget what time exactly we said it pops off, that would probably be good if we—
Clint: Nine thirty-five!
Justin: Nine thirty-five? [crosstalk] Nine thirty-five.
Griffin: Thirty-five, yeah.
Clint: Nine thirty-five. [crosstalk]
Griffin: You have not very long.
Aubrey: Not long! We have like six minutes, we need to hustle and flow.
Thacker: And where is Mama, Joe?
Stern: I suspect she’s in here, um, let me try— let me try doing the talking.
Griffin: And he places his hand on a scanner and put his face on this retina scanner and these, uh, alarms all around this huge metal door start blaring and it slides open.  And there's grass at your feet.  The whole room here is without proper flooring like the rest of the facility, at first glance you could be fooled into thinking that you're outside standing in that lush clearing in the woods with the archway standing tall in front of you.  But then you would realize that this clearing is surrounded by those thick plaster walls with a ceiling made of that same sturdy paneling as the rest of the facility, and all those ceiling panels are leaning in toward this open porthole window at the center of the room, directly over the arch.  And there are various monitors and sensors all scattered around the lawn here, all printing out readings of some sort, all wired into the gate. And there are several long black crates of some sort, stacked in neat piles against the far wall.  And between you and the archway is Mama, and her hands are bound behind her.  She's sitting in a chair, and her head is drooped downward, and standing behind her, with a rifle pointed directly at your party, is a tall man in a black suit.  And Agent Stern says,
Stern: Agent Haynes, we need to let these people through.
Griffin: And Agent Haynes responds,
Haynes: I’m relieving you of duty, Stern. All of you put your weapons down on the ground very slowly.
Griffin: Stern says,
Stern: Haynes, you don’t wanna do this, trust me.
Griffin: At that point Mama kind-of rouses and looks up at all of you, and then she sees you, Thacker, and she says,
Mama: No fucking way.
Thacker: Yeah... Hey, Maddie, how’re ya doing.
Mama: That name sucks, and I’ve told you that. A lot.
Thacker: [fondly] I know, I know, I know.
Griffin: Haynes says,
Haynes: Your weapons. Down, now.
Travis: Aubrey holds out the Snitch.
Griffin: Yo, if you draw a knife, this man is going to shoot at you—
Travis: No, holds it out, just like, like, pinky, like to put down the weapons.  And drops it.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Aaaaand... he goes flying.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, this is—
Travis: I'm not trying to kill him, let’s put it that way.
Griffin: It may be act under pressure to see if you can kick some ass without, like— no, you know what, he doesn’t know that this is a fucking magic knife, right? Go ahead and— roll to kick some ass. I think you're using magic to hurl it, so it's just plus magic. Okay.
Travis: Which is fairly good, because I rolled a six, plus weird, right?
Griffin: That brings it up to an eight, correct?
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: You hit him in the shoulder, and because it is a kick some ass role and you did not fully succeed, he is going to get you, too. So while he is— you knock him off balance, you get him in the shoulder. He takes two harm.  But as he reels, a shot rings out and you get hit in your shoulder. The vest catches some of it, but you still take two harm.
Travis: Oh, even with the vest? Hoo boy.
Griffin: It’s a bullet, yeah, I think we’ve established that bullets are— it’s fairly dangerous in this world. Okay. He’s definitely been knocked off balance, and Thacker or Duck, I’m going to let you all decide what happens next. Your reaction time is pretty on point here.
Clint: I think that Thacker would probably run over and try to— she’s sitting— Mama’s sitting in a chair, right?
Griffin: [sounding far away] Mm-hmm.
Clint: I think he would run over and like, body tackle her in the chair to try to get her out of the line of fire.
Griffin: Okay, cool. Act under pressure. [laughing] Come on, cool boy, let's see what you got.
Clint: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Okay... give me just a second, okay.
Griffin: Are you trying to see if you can psychic blast her out of the way?
Clint: No no no, he has other things.
Griffin: He’s got moves.
Clint: Alright, wait a minute. You have encompassed the soul of the universe.
Griffin: Holy shit! Thacker!?
Clint: You never need to act under pressure due to feelings of fear, despair, or isolation. It’s called Cosmic Insight.
Griffin: Oh-kay.
Justin: Now do you have this— is this one of the moves that you have?
Clint: Yes. One of them is the, uh, Psychic Event, one of them is Cosmic Insight—
Griffin: I think you’ve got a little bit more juice because Thacker doesn’t have the levels that— yeah, we figured that out. So, okay, I think— you’re afraid, right? You can act— you could make that case. I think that you are afraid for your friend Mama, right, is that the argument that you’re making?
Clint: Yeah, yeah.
Griffin: Okay. No roll required, you run and jump and while he— while Agent Haynes is caught off guard you run and tackle Mama and sort-of do a roll move in midair and land away from the melee... Duck, what do you do?
Justin: Okay, so he’s got Mama.
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Justin: Bullet— uh, Mr. Guns, is that—
Griffin: Agent Haynes.
Justin: Is he down, or is he—
Griffin: He’s just sort-of been spun, he is reeling, he is starting to— in the time that it took Thacker to do his thing, he has started to regain his composure.
Justin: I’m gonna give him a forearm shiver, try to knock him out against the wall.
Griffin: Okay. It would probably be easier to do that against the archway, ‘cause you’re kind-of against the center of this room, um. Okay.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Go ahead and Kick Some Ass.
Justin: Gladly, Griffin. I'll happily kick some ass. Let me pull up my ass kicking panel...
Griffin: Click the button that says “kick ass” on it.
Justin: To kick ass, right.
Griffin: Kick it once, don't kick it twice.
Justin: Eight! Plus! Two! Ten! Ass! Points!
Clint: BOOM!
Griffin: You have kicked ass.
Clint: Out go the lights.
Griffin: What is the thing that you said?
Justin: I’m just giving him, you know, a forearm shiver. Just trying to knock him—
Clint: It’s a sports term.
Justin: Yeah, just kinda knock him against the thing, trying to take him out, take him down.
Griffin: Okay. I think— you have chosen— you’re trying to like, incapacitate him rather than actually hurt him, right?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Then I’m gonna say you do zero harm, and uh, he manages to like, hit you with the butt of his gun for two harm, which you— you know, shrug off, no big deal. And in lieu of doing harm, you choose one extra effect— I guess you're doing force them where you want them, right?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah, you plow him against the side of the archway, and he crumples and goes down like a sack of bricks. And— yeah.
Travis: Just, FYI, Aubrey is unstable. Unless she was fully healed before going into this encounter—
Griffin: Yeah, I mean, you didn’t suffer any harm in this arc, right? You had recovered— this is two months after you getting a big chunk of wood in your leg. Everyone should be fresh.
Travis: Oh, okay cool. We’re at two harm then, so I’m okay.
Justin: I’m gonna search his pockets for, like, ID badge, anything like that, keycards, whatever.
Travis: Keys, yeah.
Griffin: I mean, he has— keycard, for sure. You are at the archway, you don’t have anywhere else to go, necessarily, in the facility. I guess you could poke around and I could make some bullshit up, but yeah, you have his stuff.
Justin: I’d rather— I just— I used to play a lot of video games—
Griffin: Right, sure—
Justin: And I’m not gonna leave any resources behind.
Travis: Yeah, you never know when you need to, like, use fish on—
Clint: So you’re looting, you’re looting Haynes—
Griffin: He’s got a baloney sandwich, he’s got a—
Travis: We can use that against the bear in the cave so that we can get the singing flute—
Griffin: He's got a brown chitin protector, so you're gonna love that—
Justin: Like that, love that BCP—
Griffin: That BCP will treat you so right—
Thacker: Wait, what time is on your watch there, Duck?
Griffin: It’s 9 31, it’s— you’re up against it. I assume, Thacker, you are untying Mama and getting her back on her feet?
Clint: Yeah, and giving her some of my special gorp, pepperoni and peanut butter chips—
Travis: Did you say with pepperoni?
Griffin: There’s rough stuff in there.
Justin: It’s vulgar.
Travis: Oh god.
Griffin: As you sort of get Mama back on her feet and hand her this horrible bag of nasty garbage—
Travis: Just stink fruit.
Griffin: She says, uh—
Mama: Oh, my God, Thacker. Thacker, not right now, please, okay, you have no idea what kind of time I've been—
Thacker: You need the protein—
Mama: I do not need THAT protein, Thacker. I do not need that— oh, my God.
Thacker: You know, I give, and I give, and I give—
Mama: [sighs] Alright, hold up.
Griffin: And she takes a fistful, and eats it, and really struggles with it, but it seems to snap her out of whatever tranquilized funk she was in, she says—
Mama: Good God, Thacker! That is potent.
Thacker: [crosstalk] I know, I know!
Griffin: She says, ah—
Mama: Let me guess, you’re goin’ back in? You’re goin’ back through?
Thacker: Yeah, we’re gonna, ah— I remember how to get to the heart of the Quell, and I’m gonna lead this ragtag band and we’re gonna go do— something, we haven't really quite figured out what, but ah—
Mama: Yeah.
Thacker: Yeah, we're going back in. Into the Hinterlands.
Mama: So, you know how much trouble I went through finding your sorry ass over there, and now you’re just gonna traipse on back—
Thacker: I know.
Mama: Traipse on back in.
Thacker: It sounds nuts, don’t it?
Mama: I mean, you want me to print you off a MapQuest or something, Thacker? I’m worried you maybe lost that trailblazing edge, there—
Thacker: No, listen, I got it burned in my memory. I know exactly where we're going. I do wanna tell everybody something, real quick. Last time I done this, especially when I went right into the heart of the Quell, I kinda got, like, possessed by the Quell, and it really made me kinda funky, so, uh... Duckberg, you may wanna be ready to go with your sword there to— if I start acting all—
Duck: End you? Kinda end you?
Thacker: If I go all feral again, please feel free to, y’know, lemme have it.
Travis: Now, Justin, is “Duckberg” Duck’s real name? Is Duck a nickname for Duckberg?
Justin: No, it is not.
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: Yeah, go ‘head and belay that one there, Duck, ‘cause you can just sorta punch him a few times in the face, knock him out, and drag his ass back to Earth like, [click] like ol’ Mama did.
Duck: Well, y’know, heat of the moment.
Griffin: She puts an arm around your shoulder, Thacker, and says,
Mama: Hey, real, for real though, it’s uh, it is nice to see you again, Thacker, even though it’s here at the end of the world.
Thacker: How do I look, by the way? Y’know, I was in there six years.
Mama: The beard is wild.
Thacker: It’s good, isn’t it? Isn’t it nice?
Mama: I think I see—
Thacker: I thought about braiding it—
Mama: I see a full Twizzler in there. [laughter]
Aubrey: Mama, are you okay? Like, how’re you holding up?
Duck: Let’s go! Come on!
Mama: I mean, I'm not—
Duck: No!
Griffin: You’re checking in with Mama as Agent Stern drags Agent Haynes out into the hallway, and—
Travis: Aubrey’s retrieved Snitch, by the way.
Griffin: Oh, yeah, sure, and Agent Stern’s retrieved the rifle that Agent Haynes had. And, uh, he points to the back of the room where Barclay is trying to move some of those crates, and Agent Stern yells,
Stern: Hey! Oh God, careful, careful, oh my God.
Griffin: And he runs over and opens up the crate that Barclay was moving, and he pulls out this, like, it looks like an orange, like, clay brick. And he gestures to it, he says,
Stern: It’s semtex, it’s plastic explosives. They were gonna blow the gate, like as an emergency measure if things went, like, way south. So, let’s not, maybe, put that in the line of fire.
Griffin: And he points at another crate and says, like,
Stern: That one’s empty, let’s— lemme help you—
Griffin: And Barclay just lifts it off the ground with one hand. And Barclay’s like,
Barclay: We’ll talk about this later, okay? We’re gonna have a big talk later, but like, later.
Griffin: And they start stacking up these empty crates in front of the archway, building a barricade. And Mama says, like,
Mama: I’m fine, Aubrey, but I’m— I don’t know that I got my sea legs here, so I’m probably gonna hang here and be reserves line in case something makes it through— which, if that happens, it means y’all have probably beefed it, so that’s gonna be— worse case scenario. But I’m doing alright. How’re you? Haven’t seen you in a bit.
Aubrey: [tearfully] It’s been really, really hard.
Mama: Yeah, I’ll bet. Shit, man.
Aubrey: I just tried to do what you would do, and keep everybody safe, and make sure everybody was taken care of, and we— you know, we rehoused some people in different buildings, and we rerouted the water from the spring down to H2-Whoa That Was Fun, and we’ve been taking people there, to keep ‘em—
Mama: Hey. Hey. It’s alright. Listen. This is redundant, I wasn’t even gonna ask about this stuff, I knew you were gonna take care of everybody, Aubrey, that’s... I’ve known you for a while now, I know that's what you do. Hey. It’s alright.
Aubrey: Just doing my best.
Duck: Can we... save... Earth.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Griffin: [laughing] It's— yeah, you all have, like, a couple minutes, and um, Barclay walks up to you all and says,
Barclay: Hey, I know we only have a minute, let’s keep this short.  I’m gonna stay behind too, I’m gonna make sure Mama and Stern don’t get got with my... super Bigfoot powers! But you all are my best friends, and, uh, do a good job over there. And uh, proud of you, glad I met you, and— [claps] Alright.
Duck: Alright, let’s do our secret handshake. That we’ve done a million times before.
Aubrey: And, Barclay, if you could do me a favor, and in case I don’t make it—
Barclay: Yep yep yep—
Duck: We’re still doing it—
Aubrey: Send a letter to eight-year-old Aubrey, and tell her that she got to be best friends with Bigfoot.
Barclay: Yeah, I will do just that. Okay. Alright, alright.
Griffin: And they all stack up behind these crates, and— Duck, how are you contacting Minerva? Is it through walkie talkie? Or I mean, you all have established that you can sort-of hologram into each other.
Justin: Yeah, it’s a good question. Yeah, I think probably the psychic bond is still there.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I think that would make a lot more sense to me than relying on walkie talkies for something like this.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure. Uh, you— you, like, intuitively kinda close your eyes, and you see Minerva, and her and Leo are standing on the face, the crumbled face of Mount Kepler, and you can see that she is just sitting on a bit of broken rock, and she is— she’s got her zweihänder just planted into the ground. And you realize that you are appearing to her as this spectral vision, which I don’t think you’ve actually done before. She looks a little bit spooked to see you, and she says,
Minerva: Oh. I didn’t know that— wow. Okay, you’re really coming along, Duck. Um, I—
Duck: I don’t know how I’m doing it either, I’m worried I’ll sneeze and fuck it up—
Minerva: Well, don’t do that, obviously. Is it— is it time?
Duck: Yeah. It’s time.
Minerva: It’s gotta be like, pretty much right away, so, stay on the line and let me know when she’s opened it.
Clint: Just before that happens, Thacker says,
Thacker: Up the airy mountain, down the rushing glen,
Travis: Okay.
Thacker: We dare not go a-hunting for fear of little men. You see, nobody ever goes in, and nobody ever comes out...
Travis: Ohhkay.
Clint: Channeling Willy Wonka.
Griffin: That was real weird.
Justin: That was so weird, I loved it.
Aubrey: Okay, Janelle, I'm gonna open the gate. Don't let anything kill me, and then when we get in there, Thacker, you lead us toward the Quell I guess, and Janelle, keep us alive.
Mama: This is a fucking good plan, man.
Travis: Yes.
Justin: Hell yeah! [music starts]
Griffin: And with that, soft moonlight starts to descend from the porthole, and it is illuminating the archway in this cylinder of dreamy radiance. Aubrey, you approach the archway’s smooth surface with your hand outstretched, just cautiously. And on the other side of town, standing on that rocky outcropping on the side of Mount Kepler, Minerva, following your cue, Duck, raises her blade in the air with both hands, and she closes her eyes and she takes a deep breath. And Aubrey, your finger touches the cold, smooth stone as Minerva's blade cuts through the air. [music continues, then fades out]
