Griffin: Previously on the Adventure Zone Minerva finds herself uncharacteristically unprepared for what she sees through her portal. It is not Sylvain. What Minerva sees is light. Pieces of a puzzle that she’s been solving her entire life begin sliding slowly closer together. He holds this black case and inside you see that orange brick, the explosive semtex.
Aubrey: One of the three of us is known to spontaneously catch fire, so—
Duck: Yeah that’s not great.
Aubrey: I’m gonna hand it to the adult, Duck.
The Quell: What is it you hope to accomplish?
Thacker: Peace. I’m lookin’ for peace.
Griffin: Everybody seems to be re-energized.
Janelle: You can hear the interpreter's unspoken pleas. You have powers beyond anything I’ve ever seen, Aubrey. You’ve restored life to the dead. Aubrey, you’re not from Sylvain. You are Sylvain. [“The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme” plays]
Aubrey: So, when you say ‘I am Sylvain’, do you mean that in the way of, like, if a lieutenant said to a loose cannon cop, “I’m taking you off the street!” And the loose canon cop said, “You can’t take me off the street, I am the street!”
Griffin: You say this and your voice is just echoing throughout this massive subterranean chamber as the elevator reaches the observation floor below. And right now, Aubrey, everybody is just looking at you, and Janelle responds, she says,
Janelle: Y-yes? Only, in this example, you would be literally correct. You— you would be the street.
Aubrey: Wha— Okay, but like— I— Okay. Janelle. Um, I don’t mean to poke holes, because listen, I love fan theories, and you’ve got yourself a great one there, but I was a kid in, you know, Earth? I had parents? I, you know, had a first kiss? And then the same night a second kiss? It was a good night. And you know, I grew up, I went to school? [almost laughing] I’m not a planet.
Griffin: You’re interrupted by a voice you hear in your mind as Alexandra is now speaking to you and she says,
Alexandra: Miss Sylvain, I humble myself before your blessed presence and beseech thee—
Aubrey: [quietly interrupting, then getting more insistent] Oh god—
Alexandra: —to intervene for the sake of your children—
Aubrey: —Alexandra, shh, shh, shh—
Alexandra: —I offer up my—
Aubrey: —Ah, ow—
Alexandra: —spirit to receive your—
Aubrey: Ow, ow, quiet, quiet, quiet, too loud, too loud, too loud.
Alexandra: [a beat, then louder] I offer up my spirit to receive your
Aubrey: Alexandra!
Alexandra: voice as my forebears did before me—
Aubrey: Alexandra! I hear you. Cool. Guess your spirit’s mine now. I’m trying to talk to Janelle. Janelle?
Griffin: Vincent grabs your hand as he’s kneeling to the floor and he says,
Vincent: Sylvain, my protector I
Aubrey: No, stop!
Vincent: would like to confess my sins and vices, my most brilliant light!
Aubrey: Okay, I do kinda wanna hear your sins and vices, but we’ll do that later, Janelle? Um, how do you mean? Am I like possessed by Sylvain?
Janelle: I’m not entirely sure how your relationship works, Aubrey, but when you look at what you are capable of, when you look at what you can do, there is no other answer.
Aubrey: You do magic too, what are you talking— like, I’m not the only person who does magic.
Janelle: I’ve never revived anyone as a ghost, I’ve never brought- I’ve never re-energized my cohorts, Aubrey. I feel it now, I feel your energy flowing through me, making me
Aubrey: Gross!
Janelle: stronger. Aubrey, I don’t know how to talk to you right now! I’ve just discovered that you are the divine planet upon which I walk! So— [crosstalk]
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Ok but you just said those words—
Janelle: [crosstalk] This is weird for all of us!
Aubrey: Janelle, you said those words out loud. Like you know how si— [stumbling] I’m not— I— I’m not— You’re not walking on me. I am a person, standing over here, talking— and I’m— I have— you know, hair! Planets don’t have hair!
Griffin: You hear a rumbling from below as you peek over the edge of this observation platform, and you see below you, you see beneath this massive crystal this void that just stretches down as far as your eye can see, and you see faint red light sort of flashing through it. And down there you hear the Quell. And obviously it is hard for you to tell by these noises what it’s saying, what its intentions are, but you can tell that it is— it’s angry. And Janelle says,
Janelle: Aubrey, listen to me. Has my wisdom ever led you astray?
Aubrey: [hesitantly] No... well, you kind of... fucked up with the mountain thing.
Janelle: That was my pa— Yes. That was my bad. As—
Duck: Ev’rybody gets one.
Thacker: Yeah.
Janelle: Everybody gets one, thank you.
Duck: I don’t wanna get in— I mean, everybody gets one.
Janelle: We will figure out the ‘how’s’ and the ‘why’s’ and the ‘what for’s’ after we have saved our planets, but Aubrey, you need to trust me. You hold Sylvain within you. You hold Sylvain within you, and the Quell is furious and attempting to destroy both of our worlds because the Quell thinks that Sylvain is gone. Forever. The Quell is the counterpart to the light of Sylvain. They are two halves of one whole. They’re the force that holds this world together. And right now it’s raging because it thinks Sylvain is gone, but it’s— you gotta show it, Aubrey. You need to show it that it’s in you.
Thacker: The Quell loves you. Quell’s crazy about you.
Aubrey: Okay.
Griffin: And Vincent speaks up and says,
Vincent: Okay, well, if she’s supposed to show the Quell that she’s Sylvain, why don’t we just go back upstairs and you know find one of those weird bug monsters and she can just say it like, ‘Hi, I’m Sylvain. Um, nice to see you again.’
Thacker: Uhm... I’m not sure it works that way. What do you think Janelle?
Janelle: These monsters are just mere projections. You will need to— as corny as this sounds— speak to the heart of the Quell.
Aubrey: It feels dangerous, though, right? Like I— this seems—
Thacker: [laughing] Oh— oh yeah!
Aubrey: Okay.
Thacker: Yeah!
Duck: Yeah, on our world you can get sick from like... cell phones. I can’t imagine it’s a good idea to be close to the Quell.
Aubrey: Okay. I just wanted— listen, I’m fine with that, there’s an element of danger in basically everything we’ve done for the last like, forever, and so that’s cool, I just wanted to make sure we were all on the same page about how heroic the thing I’m probably gonna end up doing is. Okay. Cool.
Thacker: It’s gonna be epic. It’ll be an epic story.
Aubrey: Oh cool, thanks, Thacker. Okay. Onward and downward, I guess.
Duck: He’s picking back up on the lingo, I guess.
Aubrey: Oh, I see.
Duck: Yeah, we don’t wanna do an epic fail. [They all chuckle in agreement, Griffin laughs]
Aubrey: Now he’s flossing! Oh, no. Thacker’s flossing!
Griffin: You all hear a gasp from behind you, and you turn to see Alexandra, and she’s leaning over one of the sides of the viewing platform, and she shouts,
Alexandra: Uh— um— uh s-something’s coming!
Griffin: And from below you hear this deep amplified whistling, and you look over the edge and downward off this viewing platform and you just see... gray. The red light that was flashing below is just gone and now it’s just gray, dark gray at the bottom of this chasm. But the whistling, it continues and it gets louder and louder, and you realize that this gray is moving toward you like water boiling over a pot. And then it’s— it’s right on you and it stops just at the edge of the viewing platform, and there’s wisps of it just rolling over your shoes and it stops right there. And it’s that same sort of cloud that you saw in the archway room. It’s the same smoke that you saw in the main drag outside, and it’s just rushed upward to meet you and stopped just shy of consuming this entire chamber that you’re standing in, and it’s just formed this sea of gray fog at your feet. It’s silent in the room and Vincent says,
Vincent: This is going to be very bad isn’t it?
Duck: Yeah, that would be my guess. What the fuck is this?
Griffin: Something answers your question and it’s not any of you all. You see a small spire form in the fog. Just as something shoots upwards through it, you see just a small red shape just pop right up through the smoke. And as that appears, Vincent takes a step back from the edge of the platform, and he’s holding his cheek with surprise, and when he pulls his hand away, he’s got a little bit of blood, he has a small cut on his face. And then you see dozens, hundreds more of these holes form in the mist, as other small red birdlike creatures begin flying around the room, encircling the crystal in a flock. And as they go you also see just crawling up the walls, you see these red tubes. Almost like veins, like branching off one another and encircling this entire chamber. And some of them, the tallest of them start reaching with sickly arms across the void toward the crystal. And you also notice that a few stalks of these red tubes have started to encircle the edges of the viewing platform that you’re standing on, just wrapping around its heavy supports, just creeping in your direction. What do you all do? Who wants to go first?
Travis: Uh, so you said there’s like a swarm of things, right?
Griffin: Yeah, it’s like one of those coordinated swarms, like a murder of crows.
Travis: [in a fancy pretentious voice] Like a murder of crows, you say!
Griffin: Or a conflagration of—
Travis: A flamboyance of flamingos.
Griffin: Yes. And they are picking up around the edge of the room and starting to circle back towards the platform.
Travis: [in the same fancy voice] I am going to do a blast of magical flame! ... Young wizard.
Griffin: [chuckles] This is just an attack, right?
Travis: [still doing the voice] Yes.
Griffin: Okay, let’s see it. Kick Some Ass. [Travis rolls] Ooh, that’s a good ass kickin’.
Travis: That’s a nine plus two is currently— I’m still down one, right?
Griffin: You are still down one, yes.
Travis: So that gives me an eleven.
Griffin: Okay what extra effect do you wanna do in addition to your damage?
Travis: I’m going to... put it— move it where I want it, to keep it from flying at us.
Griffin: Oh, interesting. Okay, uh—
Travis: So like a big enough blast that I both do damage and probably the heat is like gonna sear some of ‘em away, you know?
Griffin: Okay I like that. Yeah, how much damage does your— because I know you’ve upgraded your nasty magic.
Travis: Yep. It is a four damage total, two—
Griffin: Holy shit!
Travis: Yeah. Two Harm for fire and two Harm for blast.
Griffin: Okay. I mean with that, like three-quarters of the birds, as they all swoop and dive down at your party are just incinerated instantly, and they just turn into this red mist that you see just get sucked back down into the cloud. And the rest of the birds— you have your hand outstretched and a few of them zip by it and your hand gets cut up a bit for two Harm, but as they fly away, you notice that you have just like— you have obliterated pretty much all of them, at this point. And just a scant few birds are now are beginning their loop back around the room. Uhhm, Thacker, what do you do?
Clint: [sounding pained] I think... Thacker... jumps off... the observation platform... into the gray mist.
Griffin: Okay! [a pause] Thacker’s gone. Uh, Duck what do you— [he laughs]
Justin: That was a chill run. Dad, you got a third character lined up there, or what’s up? [laughter]
Travis: What’s Kirby been up to?
Clint: [doing a voice that resembles Ned’s] I always have another character lined up!
Griffin: Do you just do it? Do you say any dope shit before you do it, or do you just do it?
Justin: Dad’s just trying to fill out our fuckin’ action figure line. [laughter]
Travis: Make the show a little more toyetic.
Justin: This is the one— do you remember he did this for two episodes Lightning Boy.
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: It’s weird. So weird.
Clint: He’s watching all this going on, he sees Aubrey, you know, fighting off the birds, he sees Duck planning whatever he’s gonna do. And I think he just stares down into this pit, that giant gray mass, remembers that that’s where he had the big confrontation with the heart, and says,
Thacker: You asked me if I was comin’. [a beat] Here I come!
Clint: And just leaps off the observation platform, heading for the mist.
Griffin: Okay. As Thacker ‘phoons off the edge of the viewing platform, he sends a cloud of this mist just shooting upwards as he leaves almost a cartoonish Thacker-shaped hole in the cloud, [Clint chuckles] and you see him fall. Thacker, why don’t you Act Under Pressure for me.
Clint: Uh, there’s an eight plus— minus one, [Griffin laughs] because you wouldn’t let me do the other things!
Griffin: Right.
Clint: Oh wait, wait, wait! Just Another Day! ‘When you have to Act Under Pressure, due to a monster, phenomenon, or mystical effect, you may roll plus Weird, instead of plus Cool’!
Travis: There you go.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Plus Weird to eight is a ten!
Griffin: Thacker, you feel like— you’ve felt this before, you feel this cool mist blowing across your face as you dive off of the platform, and you feel it trying to take you over. You feel it trying to take you over and as you are resisting it, you feel this mist get angry and you suspect you are the only one in the room who can pick up on that. And you also see like, red streaks soar by you as more entities climb up the walls of this room to attack the people coming in from the top. And you manage to, for whatever reason, not just get completely, you know, demolished by one of these things. And uh, let’s just leave Thacker falling for a little bit. Duck, what do you do?
Justin: Uh, I’m gonna start hacking at the things that are trying to ensnare the viewing platform.
Griffin: Okay, there’s basically like, there’s some on the left side of the viewing platform where Vincent is standing, and then there’s some on the other side of the platform where Janelle and Alexandra are standing. Janelle like, ran over there to pull Alexandra away from the edge.
Justin: I’m gonna head on over to Vincent’s side because I think the other two have it handled.
Griffin: You’re just gonna do— you’re gonna Kick Some Ass?
Justin: Yeah, Kick Some Ass. Whatever the ass of weird pipe vines are. Kick their asses.
Griffin: Listen, we learned this from the expansion children’s book for this game everything’s got an ass. [Justin and Travis giggle]
Justin: That’s 20 d6. [unintelligible as Griffin bursts out laughing, Clint joins, then Travis]
Griffin: [crosstalk] Woah!
Clint: [crosstalk] Wow!
Travis: [crosstalk] You really got it!
Griffin: [crosstalk] It explodes!
Justin: [laughing] No asses are left. [crosstalk] No asses remain.
Clint: [crosstalk] You rolled a 66.
Justin: Wow. Cool.
Griffin: That’s— that’s pretty close!
Justin: Eleven... plus... two... thirteen.
Griffin: Jesus Christ.
Justin: And I have an advanced move.
Griffin: Ooh!
Justin: I Kicked Some Ass. When I leveled up, I took advanced.
Griffin: What does it do now?
Justin: I can take an enhanced effect on a 12+, which is what I have.
Griffin: Oh my god.
Justin: I’m going to— my attack drives the enemy away in a rout.
Griffin: God.
Justin: That is what I’m gonna do.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: ‘cause that’s all I need it to do.
Griffin: What’s this look like?
Justin: I kinda feel like he’s frantically sort of like— like watching someone chop at vines that’s growing on the side of their house in a rage. I think that Beacon is so excited to have something to hit repeatedly, that it’s almost kind of a blur just him swinging Beacon over and over again, just hacking them with, what appears to be, from the numbers, a real intense brutality.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Okay you— I think with that extra fact, the Harm is no longer important. Like this thing, you just sever it and it sprays this red mist up and into the air as it unspools from where it was holding onto the platform, and it falls down into the mist. And you see the other arm that was holding this, like, spasm in a panic and also fall back down, and some of these veins that were all around the walls also kind of start to slink— the ones that were reaching out towards the crystal, like these long, sinewy red arms, now they just droop down and splash down into the mist.
Justin: And then Duck says,
Duck: Looks like that time, Sword Man had the edge. [a beat] Guys I’m thinking about ‘Sword Man’.
Aubrey: Ooh!
Duck: How’s that— is that anything?
Aubrey: Uhh, close!
Thacker: If you go with— Go with Sword M-
Travis: You’re in the pit!
Clint: Oh.
Justin: ‘You’re in the pit’, another gr—
Thacker: [muffled, yelling] Go with Sword Maaaaan!
Griffin: You see Janelle and Alexandra take a step back from where that other tentacle just kind of got destroyed, and you see them, as they take a step back, the edge of the viewing platform that they were standing on like, completely collapses from where this tendril started to smash against it. And you can tell that Janelle’s mind is reeling about what to do, and she turns to the two of you, and she says,
Janelle: I know you haven’t known Thacker all that long, I haven’t either but um— D— [she huffs] Should we trust him?
Aubrey: Oh, with the jumping? Uhm, you know it’s pretty shitty up here, and it’s probably a little shittier down there, but it’s just gonna get shittier up here, so... yeah!
Travis: And Aubrey jumps.
Griffin: Okay. Duck you are now standing on the platform with Vincent who looks shit-his-pants terrified that everybody’s jumping off the platform. And Janelle shrugs her shoulders, and Alexandra looks kind of nervous but grips her hand tight and the two of them jump off the platform. Now it’s just you and Vincent. And Vincent says,
Vincent: [hesitantly] Uhm. Someone should stay up here and defend the elevator. I think.
Duck: You volunteerin’ or...? Hopin’ I would, or...?
Vincent: I’m just saying, they could get up the elevator and hurt all the people up in the castle so I’m gonna— [with more confidence] I’m gonna protect these survivors—
Griffin: And he goes and he stands on the elevator and strikes a combat pose holding his spear and says,
Vincent: — and uh, you’ve got an appointment, I think, at the center of the world, so. Um. Good luck, Duck.
Duck: Yeah, you kind of volunteered me to jump off
Vincent: Duck—
Duck: the elevator, huh?
Vincent: I wish you... the luck of the Ancients, Duck. [laughter]
Duck: That’s... that’s nothing. [crosstalk] Uhh, but listen—
Vincent: I wish you the luck of the stars—
Griffin: And the birds like, swoop down and he eviscerates a couple of them, and kind of weaves around them and he says,
Vincent: Okay, uh this is fun, but uh. It’s pretty bad up here so.
Duck: You don’t have to... goat me into it.
Travis: Ahh! Ohh!
Justin: And then I fall off the edge.
Duck: [getting softer as he falls] That’s a Sword Man original! [scattered laughter]
Griffin: Duck, you are falling— you know what, Aubrey wouldn’t need to, Duck, why don’t you roll to Act Under Pressure? [Justin rolls] God in heaven!
Justin: Eleven!
Griffin: That’s another eleven!
Travis: Roll20 knows. When we’re in finale territory, it knows.
Griffin: Yeah. Um, Duck you felt this way slightly when you were in the room in the FBI headquarters where the archway was, but now you like, now that you’re closer to the core, you feel like this thing is trying to take ahold of you. And— it’s like nothing. It is like nothing. You shrug off the Quell’s influence just effortlessly.
Justin: Plus my two, I rolled a 13,
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: so my other advanced one that I got was Act Under Pressure. So I’m gonna add ‘You may either do what you wanted and something extra, or do what you wanted to absolute perfection’. I wanna do— I want my something extra to be I want them to be afraid.
Griffin: You want the monsters to be afraid?
Justin: Of me.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay.
Travis: He’s dodging so good.
Justin: I want them to wonder what I am. I want them afraid.
Griffin: You step off the viewing platform and the world just disappears. And you feel this quiet, cold mist just whipping past your face. And you’re falling through this dense, opaque cloud for what feels like ages, and you don’t see anybody else who leapt off, until, as quickly as this cloud enveloped your senses, you pass through the bottom of this strata of fog, and now you’re falling down through just this gargantuan cavern. Bigger even than the one you were just in. And you’re going downward, closer to the core, and you see things in this room on the walls, climbing up through the passage you just fell through. And you see it by this pulsating red light. And the pulses are slow, and you see these things just like, nightmarish enormous insects, and these huge snakes, and fast kinda creepy, twitchy apes, and all of these different beasts made out of this red material, all just like, clamoring up towards the surface. As you fall and get closer to the core, that pulsing, Duck, it starts to pick up. It starts to get a little bit faster. Almost like there is something happening to the Quell where it is— you are doing something that it did not anticipate. And you see all of these different beasts start to react. You see these apes that were clamoring all over each other to get upward, now they’re like fighting each other to jump back down. And you see one of the snakes, this huge bullet-train sized snake just fuckin’ nope right back down the hole from whence it came. And then, right below you, you see the rest of your party, also falling, several dozen feet in front of you.
Travis: Aubrey waves.
Griffin: Aubrey waves at you, Thacker is at the bottom, and you see Janelle and Alexandra all just like, falling. And while a lot of— you’ve turned away a lot of these beings, you see some of them begin to strike. You see some— you see a mass of these insects sprout wings and start fluttering toward you, and you see a few of these apes howl and point at you and coil their legs and spring towards you like a bullet. And then the wall that they leapt from explodes, and they disintegrate. The insects disappear in this cloud of debris, sending this red mist spraying in all directions. And as the chaos settles, you see two enormous eyes appear as all of you land gently and neatly in a ten foot wide paw.
Travis: Aww.
Griffin: And you see Heathcliff effortlessly swatting away these beasts and he’s smiling.
Aubrey: [cooing] Who’s a good boy?
Heathcliff: You know I don’t like that, but right now, Aubrey, it’s me.
Aubrey: Yes, you are! [Clint laughs]
Griffin: A world away, the town of Kepler, West Virginia continues its unlikely battle against a would-be cosmic conqueror. Ranger Juno Devine races through the cramped hallways of city hall, a crashing wave of quell terrors close behind. She slides beneath a makeshift barricade into the city council chambers, leaping over rows of folding chairs with track star grace and ease. The horde, several dozen strong barges behind her, annihilating the defenses hastily built by the combined strength of the West Virginia forestry service. Juno vaults a wooden railing, leaps off of a counselor’s desk and onto the stage, at the far side of the room. She takes a beat and surveys the size and ferocity of the coming storm. Then, she looks to her side and nods. A thick fire curtain drops inches in front of her, she dives backwards as the quell terrors collide with the thick, reinforced fabric. She smiles.
Juno: Little secret about the forestry service gang. We confiscate all manner of stuff trying to prevent forest fires.
Griffin: The beasts scratch at the curtain, their fury mounting.
Juno: And, unfortunately for y’all, I’m a pack-rat.
Griffin: The doors into the chamber slam shut, Juno shouts a command from behind the curtain, objects rain down from the gallery above a gas canister, a propane tank, crackling projectiles from a roman candle. The West Virginia forestry service cheers in unison as the other-worldly horde burns in a deluge of flaming contraband. East and down the river, Keith leads a squadron of loyal Hornets against the nightmares pouring from a nearby rift. The stunt crew has been routed, driven to the flimsy roof above the skeletal remains of their former headquarters. As his companions throw bricks, boards, and buckets at their emboldened attackers, Keith’s mind races with fear. He looks for a way out, he looks for hope on the horizon. He finds hope flying down the side of Mount Kepler. Hollis leads the remaining Hornets, biking in formation down the drag from cliffside, brake-sliding into the dirt lot surrounding the Hornet’s Nest. The beasts turn to face them, but Hollis pays them no mind. Through the visor of their helmet, Hollis grins and nods at Keith. Keith smiles with relief on the verge of tears. Hollis holds up a hand, and their squadron revs their engines in unison. The terrors charge, and the bikes peel off. They snake in a perfect line, a furious circle around the battlefield. Dust whips up, mixing and overtaking the Quell’s supernatural storm. The beasts wail in protest. On the roof, Keith dons his helmet, the others do the same. One by one, they leap down, back into the storm, back into the fray. And atop Mount Kepler, Minerva and Leo Turkesian stand back to back, their blades cleaving air and Quell flesh in a synchronized psychic dance. Leo growls, ramming his broadsword through the gut of an enormous vulture, grimacing with effort as he slams it to the ground in a shower of red mist. He kicks the terror off his blade and gasps with exhaustion as he turns to check on his fellow warrior. Minerva stands in a readied crouch, her blade held above her head and outward, her other hand outstretched in a fencer’s pose. A knee-high pile of quickly decomposing Quell invaders lie at her feet. She is completely motionless, even her breathing indiscernible. Leo catches a glimpse of her expressionless face in the moonlight.
Leo: Uhh, Minerva not to uh, not to, you know quibble when we’re fighting for our lives and all but you uh – I, you are all there now, right?
Griffin: Her apprentice’s words do not register at all. Minerva battles on pure reflex and instinct, her mind is, sunken into a contemplative trance. She ponders the world of light seen just beyond the archway. She ponders her own fallen homeworld and the world she destroyed. Outside of her mind she strikes down another foe, within, she knows it to be a hollow victory. Minerva pays little heed to the battle at hand. She is, as always, thinking of the battle to come. We see a tranquil scene, deep below the surface of Sylvain. An enormous open temple with pillars of white stone sits in the middle of a shallow pond, small streams of water fall from cracks in the ceiling above raining down into this pond framing the building where small green beds of flowers have sprouted up through ancient tiles. And the scene is peaceful and still until Heathcliff Kool-Aid Mans it [Griffin chuckles] from a wall behind this temple, uh, sending boulders crashing down into this pond, and, he wriggles through this makeshift tunnel that collapses behind him, and the deposits you all at the entrance to, uh, this temple, and it looks a lot more like verdant and lively than anything else you’ve seen on the surface, and um, Heathcliff says like, he’s preening now he’s like trying to get all the dust and debris out of his fur, he says
Heathcliff: Boy you all just, y’all have to come up with better plans than that, you just, you just jumped into a jagged, craggy cavern. Were you at least thinking happy thoughts?
Aubrey: Well, my mom always said if your friend jumped into a smoky cavern, would you? And it turns out, yes!
Thacker: So it all comes down to peer pressure-
Aubrey: Yeah!
Thacker: is that what you’re saying?
Aubrey: Yeah but you didn’t even-
Thacker: You’re blamin’ peer pressure!
Aubrey: You didn’t even put the peer pressure on, you just went, you didn’t say shit!
Thacker: I did! I said “YouaskedwhenIwascomin’ -blablablablabla and now”-
Aubrey: You didn’t say it to us! You were like “Hey! Here’s why I’m gonna jump, I know something you don’t” I just assumed you knew something we didn’t!
Thacker: Yeah but that’s the whole cool line thing! You don’t wanna have to explain em’!
Aubrey: I think next time you jump into a pit, you should give us like, a one sentence synopsis of why.
Thacker: I- erm, well put. I accept your criticism.
Aubrey: Yeah so anyways, we didn’t really have a plan, but it all seemed to work out!
Heathcliff: You know I’m gonna make you, pay for this right? Not in like an intimidating way but in, you kn- monetarily speaking?
Aubrey: You mean like literally.
Heathcliff: I guess I do mean it literally yes.
Aubrey: Like literally we’re gonna pay for it.
Griffin: Uh, Janelle and Alexandra are looking around this, this big stone temple, um and, you see uh, you see Janelle like, spark this green-
Travis: Doobie
Griffin: -small like doober in the middle of it she smokes out and it’s fuckin’ funny, [Justin laughs] it’s like Family Guy. No, no she, she sparks this green flame and like, makes a small campfire in the middle of this chamber which is actually like, kinda cold, and, um, Alexandra’s like, looking around with wonder in her eyes, uh, and you all see like, this is, this is obviously some sort of like ancient, uhhh, y’know, holy place, uh and there are also like, dirty big Heathcliff pawprints all over it, uh so you can tell that like, Heathcliff chills in here for whatever reason, and he’s like
Heathcliff: Uhh, I’m sorry it was the only place I could think to take you where I knew it was safe. Um, so... I got some dead fish?
Aubrey: Oooh!
Duck: [Justin chuckles] I love that, where are we right now in relation to the... to the Quell?
Griffin: Alexandra is like, looking around and as she is looking you see Janelle like, kind of smiling at her, and Janelle says
Janelle: Tell them, Alexandra.
Griffin: And she turns and she says
Alexandra: I think we’re right above it.
Griffin: uh, and Ja- she walks towards the rest of you, uh, all around this green fire and she says
Alexandra: [sighs] So if I’m, if I’m right about this when, an interpreter, comes of age they make their, their pilgrimage to, um, to this place, it’s the uh, it’s called the source and, it’s the nearest that a Sylvan is, is allowed to approach the, the core where, you know where Sylvain dwells, or I guess where the, um, where the Quell d-dwells as well, that was unintentional. [Clint laughs]
Aubrey: That was nice though!
Duck: Yeah, very nice.
Griffin: Uh and Janelle says
Janelle: And I’m, I’m guessing from the pawprints that maar every inch of this sacred place that Heathcliff has been, helping himself to, this temple’s font of arcane energies. Is, is that right Heathcliff?
Griffin: And he makes like an “ain’t I a stinker” face.
Travis: And that would explain all the big cat
Justin: Hey-
Travis: doodies around. [Travis chuckles]
Duck: Hey, Heathcliff, did you used to be a normal cat, then you got hit by these gamma rays or whatever and now you’re, like a wild giant, smart cat?
Griffin: He puts his pinky claw like up to his mouth and he’s like
Heathcliff: [smugly] I’ll never tell!
Travis: Okay.
Heathcliff: Yeah that’s-
Duck: Okay, well, something happened.
Heathcliff: Yeah that’s what I did. [Clint chuckles]
Travis: Aubrey takes a step up, uh, into the green light, so it’s really dramatic looking, you know-
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: -really cool.
Aubrey: Um, everybody, we have a second here. I need to like, take a moment of Aubrey time? And like, breathe and think for a second. I’m gonna go like step over, there.
Travis: and she just kinda, generally points somewhere else
Aubrey: Um so, just give me a minute and, Alexandra please don’t like, think, any thoughts at me please.
Alexandra: Um, uh okay, I’ll go over there and like, sing a little song or something to distract myself.
Aubrey: O-kay...
Alexandra: Does anybody have any puzzles or somet- small puzzles or games? Probably not, that was stupid.
Aubrey: Duck you always have puzzles!
Duck: Alright so, if the man had seen the sawdust, he wouldn’t have died. It’s a lateral thinking puzzle, you can now ask me yes or no questions.
Aubrey:  But that was like a, now that’s a thinking puzzle Duck, just like a-
Duck: What is invisible-
Aubrey: [to herself] Okay...
Thacker: Is it an animal, vegetable or mineral?
Duck: -it’s, it’s, now listen, it’s invisible, and it doesn’t, you can’t see it, you can’t smell it, you can’t taste it. But if you put it in a barrel, it’ll make the barrel lighter. [Griffin laughs]
Travis: Aubrey walks away.
Thacker: [Assuredly] Helium. Helium. It’s helium.
Duck: That’s incorrect.
Griffin: Aubrey you, you walk away l-leaving them entertaining Alexandra in the distance, uh, what’re you, what are you doing?
Travis: So um, um Aubrey’s gonna kind do a little meditation thing, to try to talk to the magic like she has before.
Griffin: Uh okay! [Music fades in]
Aubrey: Um, okay so, Magic, it’s me Aubrey, um, any guidance at all, anything um, any explanation? Um, over and out?
Griffin: I think it takes a while, and, as you are, as you are meditating in this, otherwise serene place uh, except for all the riddles happening nearby and even the sound of that is drowned out by the water falling uh, eventually. It- it takes a while for you to get in the place where, you are able to have this conversation. And, it’s not really like before, it’s you- you, you can’t see, her. You’ve seen her before but like right now, you- you cannot. Um, but you can, [Griffin smacks his lips as he thinks] you can, you can sense her, in a way, and, then, you can sense like her, her experiences you can sense her memories and, and you- you did this once before with Alexandra but this time it is, it is obviously more powerful because you are remembering something, from a deity's perspective. You are in the center of the planet and, just like looking all around at- at- at creation, as you are just sort of constantly in a state of just of always doing and, um, the Quell is there too, and the two of you have these like shifting forms you don’t necessarily have just this, this one actual tangible form. And you’re just sort of like, marvelling at the world, and then, something happens that’s actually happened a few times as of late, you sense the um, the fear and the uh, the- the anger and the uh, aggression of your people. And, you- you leave the Quell behind and you- you go upwards, you- you just go, you go up and into the crystal where, you know, you usually interface with, with your people and now you see them like, in their battle attire uh, standing in defense around the castle, some of them charging down the main drag at uh, at this- this platform at the edge of town where the archway appeared. And through that archway you see, humans coming in and you see them pushing a, a- a- a small like, metal, it looks like a tube from a distance um, and it wheels on- on wheels towards you and you see somebody light uh, uh fuse at the back of it and it explodes and then, you are shattered. It- it glances the side of this crystal that you are in and now like, for the very first time ever, you are disconnected from it. You are contained within a shard of it and you see others, you catch your reflection in other shards as you fall to the ground, and with that explosion you hear more, and your people retreat um, and you’re just lying on the ground looking upward until a hand picks you up and whisks you away back through the archway. And when you have- when you like, finish that memory you like... [Griffin sighs] You get the sense that, it’s not complete, it’s like a friend telling you a story but you can tell that, like, they're not telling the whole version of it. Um, you get the sense that like, there’s some walls up between, between the two of you. That’s, that’s- that is what happens during your meditation.
Travis: I mean is she still, can I still feel her like, presence?
Griffin: You still feel her presence in the same way that you always have, but now you realize that like, the reason that you don’t think you are, Sylvain, the reason that, you know, the reason that you don’t feel like you have the powers of a goddess necessarily, are because you have like, you, you have this separation between the two of you, even though she’s like still within you.
Aubrey: So, you wanna go back right? I don’t wanna make you do anything you don’t wanna do.
Griffin: You feel so badly, like you wanna go back, back to the center of this planet and be restored.
Aubrey: Okay, I- I will do this, but I have one question, what will happen to me?
Griffin: You hear a voice, and it is so, muffled, that you cannot make out what it is saying, but it is saying something, in this, divine tone, this- this warm and loving tone. You can’t quite make out what it says, but it says something, that is, reassuring.
Aubrey: Okay, I trust you. I’ll get you back, but I need your help, I need you, to fix whatever happened last time I touched the crystal. Help me, I’m, I need to be back at full strength.
Griffin: Hm... I think if you’re trying to, like, forge this connection again, if you’re trying to, like, make this thing, make this connection as strong as it once was, I think, I think roll to use magic.
Travis: Wooh yes! A 10 plus 2, 12!
Griffin: I think ‘communicate with something that you do not share language with’ absolutely applies here.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: You, see her a little bit clearer now and, still not all the way there, you still know there’s something separating the two of you but she is, she is showing you more of her, her grace and it feels unbelievable and, you can faintly see like a smile forming on her face and as, as you do, you see another memory of hers, you see yourself in this crystal and you’re being passed around, [stammers] sold from like, curiosity shop to- to, curiosity shop or, uh held as treasures uh, through- throughout these different families and you see other wars on this planet, you see, all of these events happening, and you are just powerless to do anything, you are completely dormant but aware of your surroundings inside this crystal and, y-y-you know, horrified at what must be happening back, back home and, it's a terrible place to be until, you end up in the, possession of a family. And this family seems like really, genuinely like good-hearted, unlike a lot of the people who have tried to possess you in the past, and you start to feel yourself like, becoming closer with this family, and you are, handed down through generations, and generations, and generations. And then Aubrey like, you are now aware that you are being shown this memory uh, for a reason. You see your mom, in the delivery room, and she is wearing this crystal, uh as a pendant, and, she is- she is pushing, right? She is trying to deliver you, Aubrey, and you see one of the like, nurses reach down to try and take the pendant off, and your mom just like, leans over and bites her hand to keep her from doing that, and then, Aubrey, you are born. And, Sylvain is, with you. [Music fades]
Duck: IT’S A HOLE, A FUCKIN’ HOL- IF YOU PUT A HOLE IN THE BARREL. You ca- somebody give me a fuckin’ stick so I can draw in the fuckin’ dirt. If you put a hole in the barrel, the barrel gets light, you can’t put gas in the barrel it doesn’t make any fuckin’ sense. You put a hole in the goddamn barrel, Thacker!
Thacker: Ohhh! A hole!
Duck: [exasperated] Yeah.
Thacker: Okay! A-alright.
Duck: A hole! Jesus Christ.
Thacker: I know- no, no- I, yeah, well when you say it like that it makes perfect sense.
Duck: [muttering] when you say it like that...
Thacker: Put a hole in the barrel... Does it matter how big the hole is? Could it be a little hole?
Duck: Fucking- go, seriously, don’t. Beacon, get him.
Griffin: [chuckles] Aubrey, you are awakened from your trance by this interaction and, you feel powerful, again. You feel, uh, you feel like you did before you touched the crystal. You catch a glimpse of yourself in the water, your eyes are still orange, but you don’t feel, you don’t feel drained,
Travis: Yeaah
Griffin: in a way you feel whole again.
Travis: Yeah! Both of her hands ignite in flames! Yeah! Hooo!
Justin: Alright now, Duck steps over to the same place, that Aubrey just was.
Aubrey: Oh,
Griffin: Okay.
Aubrey: is it your turn? Okay.
Justin: And he stands in silence and then you guys hear distantly
Beacon: Dear Sword Jesus, [Travis laughing] it’s been so long since I-
Duck: Oh, fucking, you promised me you had something real, nevermind! Sorry guys, he said he had a real thing he had to do. I didn’t realize he was just being a dipshit.
Griffin: This whole time Janelle has been like walking around the temple and just like poking at things and uh, just like trying to get the lay of the land, uh and eventually you see her walk over to the edge of this temple and-
Justin: [laughing] She walks over to the edge, and he‘s like, So what do you hear?
Griffin: [playing along] yeah, what’s up?
Justin: You got the vertigo?
Travis: I’ve been waiting. [Justin laughing]
Travis: Celebration!! Wait, that‘s Bono.
Justin: Where’s Bono? You promised Bono was here.
Travis: He’s coming, he’s coming, I promise, he just stopped uh, for gas, he’ll be here.
Griffin: My dad knows Bono, I’m telling you!
Justin: [still laughing] Edge...
Travis: My dad, Edge senior [The boys are all laughing]
Griffin: Uh, she takes a step off the edge of the temple into this pond and, this land like beneath the water rises up to meet her foot and she just walks like that with this land rising up uh, keeping her out of the water uh, until this, stone platform rises up and, uh you all, you all can see it she illuminates it with- with the same sort of green, uh torches and, and it is just this large stone, like, diamond shaped plate in the ground and it’s- it’s surrounded on all sides um, by this like barricade of white rope that is tethered to these poles in- in the ground surrounding it and, uh Heathcliff walks over curiously to it and he says
Heathcliff: Oh, you’ve, you’ve found it, okay. Well, I’m sorry I should have told you about that, part of me hoped that I could still like, continue wheezing the juice as it were but uh, yes, that’s- that is where it is.
Griffin: And Janelle looks annoyed. Janelle says
Janelle: [sighs] This is um, this is a door. Or, it’s a well to be precise, that goes straight to the core, a straight shot. No, no resistance. This will get you there if-
Griffin: And she looks at you Aubrey and she says
Janelle: If you are ready to face... what you will meet.
Aubrey: Sure! That didn’t-
Griffin: She-
Aubrey: I know that didn’t sound
Griffin: [chuckling] Yeah...
Aubrey: very definite but like, yeah, okay! If you were to ask me yesterday, probably no! But... Here we are! And so, yeah! Sure.
Thacker: Were- were you askin’ all of us or just...?
Griffin: Yeah, she looks at the two of you too she says
Janelle: [sighs] Duck, Thacker, are you ready?
Duck: I mean I’m damn near impervious so, I feel like in for a penny, in for a pound right?
Thacker: A-and I’m real old and I really have been countin’ on, y’kno- us not survivin’ this anyway so... yeah! What th’hell!
Justin: Character three... [Griffin laughs] Move on to a young sexy ingenu with a talent with daggers and a love for trouble.
Clint: Well now I can’t use it Juice thanks.
Griffin: Spoiled it.
Justin: It’s mine now.
Griffin: Uh, Heathcliff says
Heathcliff: Um, just a heads up gravity starts to fail, um, the closer you get down there it’s gonna feel super weird actually but um-
Aubrey: Oh cool!
Heathcliff: Yeah it should keep you
Duck: [groans] I mean-
Heathcliff: from splattering against whatever’s down there.
Duck: Yeah I was gonna say we’re gonna need gravity to fail. [laughs]
Heathcliff: Yeah.
Duck: Or we’re gonna fail.
Griffin: You all step onto the plate and Janelle says
Janelle: I will shut the door behind you to ensure that the Quell does not invade this sacred place. I- Aubrey I don’t, I’ve loved Sylvain, as, as all of us do. Uh, all of us, on- on this planet, all of us are born doing, but I, uh, I- I care for you Aubrey, not just the Goddess that shares your form but for- but for you, child, so, pl-please come home safe.
Aubrey: Oh okay now that you said something... I was gonna die, but now- no of course Janelle, come on.
Janelle: I know I shouldn’t be saying this to the Divine Heart of my planet, but you can be a real butt sometimes.
Aubrey: Haha I know buddy, I know.
Griffin: She, raises her hand, and as she does so you start to see these lines form in- in the plate, uh below you and the three of you are like, lifting up slowly from this platform. Uh, and-and this diamond platform it like splits into quarters which, start to rotate away and as they do they split further and further and they just fracture into these perfect symmetrical polygons that form a ring around you and they’re just crackling with energy as they rotate faster and faster and then that energy dispells and, you are, shot downwards like, from a cannon surging through ley lines and through the mantle of the planet. [Ad Break]
Griffin: The momentum catches you off guard as all of your senses return. You’re standing on a- a small grassy island, and it’s about 20 feet in diameter and there’s a- a warm wind, blowing all around you disturbing the grass on this, small, lush plane and, then an object shoots by overhead, spun about by the breeze. It’s, another island, similar in size to your own, moving in a- a slightly faster orbit nearby. You stand in the core and, your body is light, you feel like you could drift away from- from this island at any second but for whatever reason your feet remain planted to the ground and all around you chunks of land from seemingly different biomes are all, circling the center of this just like mile wide chamber. As you survey all of these, these islands around you, you realize where they come from. Every surface, every wall of- of this chamber is just full of life, it’s full of like, trees, and grass, and rivers, and lakes, and sand dunes, and, canyons, just all these reminders of the land that used to exist up on the surface, all just stored here around the perimeter of the core of the planet. And then your island that you’re standing on, it begins to rotate, and as it does, the Heart of the Quell dawns over its horizon. It is a perfect sphere, the most perfect sphere to ever exist, just flawless and, reflective, and deep red, and it’s casting this warm light off of itself in flashes, in- in- in pulses. It is completely motionless, and yet it is seething, and you can’t figure out like, how you know that it just is, and all of you feel your teeth grit reflexively as it comes into view. There’s no smoke, there’s no cloud, there’s nothing to obscure your vision. You stand, in the core of the planet with the Heart of the Quell in the distance, what do you do?
Aubrey: [Yelling to the Quell] I’m Sylvain! Hi!
Griffin: The sphere rolls, and it’s like, it’s far away enough that you can't really figure out just how big it is, but when you like look at all of these islands in its orbit, you discern that it is uh, like cosmic horror big. As it rolls, just faster than your eyes can decipher, there is a new light that comes into view. At the center of the sphere’s surface now, facing you, peering at you, is a hole in this flawless sphere. You see, one of these huge islands like lose its orbit as the Heart shifts and crashes into this- this enormous eye, and is consumed and destroyed by it, and, just instantly a red tendril shoots out of this eye and crashes into the side of your island, uh just instantly branching to form a loop around it, just lassoing it and beginning to retract it towards the center of the room, and it’s howling as it does, and it’s- it’s letting out this deep reverberant wail that rattles the walls of this chamber, uh forming cracks across the biomes. You see it drain a lake and- and just topple a forest and you feel these reverberations in your bones. Uh and in your inner ear and you’re able to make out a voice, that says
The Quell: So you’ve returned.
Aubrey: ...yes?
Thacker: Uh, I think she’s talking to me, Sparky.
Griffin: Uh, the Quell says
The Quell: Indeed, I was not addressing you Aubrey Little, you refused to free me in the basement you will be punished for that. How did you elude me Arlo Thacker?
Thacker: Well, the last time I, kinda just give into ya, I just kinda let you, do that, magic that you do an’ I didn’t fight ya an’, kinda roll with the punches, kinda I opened myself up to ya. You r’member before, I told ya, if there’s any way to avoid us havin’ to s-slug it out, I, I think we ought to try to do that!
The Quell: It is nice to have you back, even now, at the end.
Griffin: Uh and the eye turns back towards you now, Aubrey.
Aubrey: I, um, I’m sor- you probably didn’t hear me before because I was a lil’ far away, but I’m Sylvain, so there’s no need for “the end”.
Griffin: Act Under Pressure.
Travis: An 8, act uh, plus 0, so an 8.
Griffin: Small wiry tendrils whip out of the side of the- the larger tendril that is wrapped around your island and, they, all whip at you Aubrey and, you reflexively- you are able to uh dodge out of the way of them, um but, a cou- two of them whip across your, your stomach and as you- as you dodge away and you take, 2 harm.
Travis: Ok...
Griffin: And, you hear the Quell say
The Quell: This is heresy.
Griffin: Uh, and the eye shifts at you, Duck, and you hear the Quell say
The Quell: I do not know this one.
Duck: Ah yeah, I’m the only one you don’t have a, um, history with huh [chuckles], you know you’re probably wonderin’ why I’m here, and uh, yeah I can wonder the same thing, honestly, uh, but um, I guess we’re just tryna’ get things a lil’ calm, seems like both our worlds are gettin’, torn apart and we’re just hopin’ that you’ll just uh, pump the brakes a little bit.
Griffin: Uh the eye like, now unfocuses from all of you and opens wider and it starts to retract this island deeper towards it uh, even faster now, and, you hear the Quell say
The Quell: It is centuries too late for us to find peace. I tried to warn you, you should have stayed where you were, to perish with the rest of them.
Travis: I’m going to do some Big Magic.
Griffin: Jesus, okay.
Travis: So Aubrey is gonna close her eyes, and say
Aubrey: Okay, uh, Sylvain, I need- I n- this is, it’s time, this is uh, uh, it’s time to do our stuff.
Griffin: This is, this is big magic right? You are trying to conjure up Sylvain?
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: Um, I’m going to say, I get to decide what the requirements are for this Big Magic.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: I’m going to say, you need two people to help, clearly.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh, and in the context of this I think this just means, keeping you alive, as you are attempting to do this because the other thing that I’m going to say that this requires is, uh, the spell will take a long time to cast.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Duck and, and Thacker you see Aubrey close her eyes in the same sort of meditative state that you saw her upstairs, uh, and the eye whips towards her as- as she does this. And uh, does not slow it- it’s retraction, you are now like, you are now getting close enough to this thing that like, the heat from it is getting a little bit, a little bit unbearable. Uh, and Aubrey does not seem to respond to it.
Clint: Alright then I think that this is where Thacker would use Psychic Event, and maybe do that to try to calm it down?
Griffin: Okay! Roll, uh, I guess plus weird.
Clint: Psh-whew, 10, plus, 2 for weird, that’s a 12.
Justin: Very weird.
Travis: Really weird.
Justin: That’s like weird-
Clint: Extremely weird!
Justin: All levels of weird.
Clint: Lotta weird.
Travis: Not the weirdest it could be, but definitely weird.
Justin: Extremely weird.
Griffin: You gain a definite impression about something important. Here- here’s what I’m going to give you. As it is right now, the Quell is furious beyond reason. The Quell is, as single minded as anything possibly be, and right now, you are standing, in- in the way of its like, un- unimaginable violence. That- that is, that is what the Quell is operating on, right now. All of your pleas for, for peace or whatever are, are- are just not being heard whatsoever. But the thing I will also give you is that, deep, deep, deep inside there, you sense, a, a small bit of sadness, at just the mention of Sylvain’s name. It’s not enough to like, make- make the Quell, you know change its mind right now, it’s not enough to derail its- its mission, its- its crusade, but it is, it is there. Um, but it is behind this- this wall of just- just, raw violent power. Duck what do you do?
Justin: I’m just gonna try to talk to it.
Griffin: Okay!
Duck: Hey! I know you don’t know me from Adam, up there, ego. But uh, can you just like, calm down? What is the rush right now? I’m- I’ll be honest with you man, I’m barely hangin’ in there, in terms of comprehension, alright? I’m a forest ranger by trade, I’m extremely out of my depth, can you just, like, walk me through what you are pissed off about right now? Maybe you’re right, that’s somethin’ we learned in the- we had to take a conflict mediation class last year, and it used up half my damn day, and I was pretty pissed at the time but I did learn like, sometimes it’s just about, like fuckin’ listenin’ you know what I mean? Like where are- where are you at right now? Maybe you’re right, I have no clue.
Griffin: Have you told it your name? Have you said it out loud?
Duck: My name’s Duck, it’s a nickname.
Griffin: You hear it say
The Quell: Duck. I do not need a reason to destroy, Duck. I am, destruction, Duck.
Griffin: And, you see tendrils start to whip out of the larger tendril that is, uh holding on to your island... The same kind that struck Aubrey.
Duck: Now wait a minute. Hold on. If you kill me, I can’t tell you my real name! I know you’re curious. You’re curious, aren’t you? You big, crazy planet.
Griffin: Act Under Pressure, Duck. [Snorts]
Justin: [Laughing] It is a 6!
Griffin: Plus what?
Justin: Cool, 8.
Clint: Okay, can I help out?
Griffin: Well, you would only bring him up to a 9. Yeah, I don’t think there’s any way to do that. Unless Aubrey could help, too.
Aubrey: I’m busy! [Justin laughing]
Griffin: I’m going to— I don’t usually deal with this one, but hell, it’s finale season. I’mma give you a worse outcome. These tendrils are like rising up in the air like cobras about to strike, and then you all hear the wind next to you just whistling. And you look over just in time to see another island collide with your own. And both of them shatter and the three of you go flying. And now you are just caught in the orbit of this thing. Aubrey, you are still in this meditative state, you are just limp flying in the air. And Thacker and Duck, you are no longer standing on anything, you are just sort of floating around the orbit of this planet, of the Quell, with these islands all around. You are meditating, what does this look like? What does this big magic look like?
Travis: So I think it kind of looks like a conversation, a little bit. I think she’s trying to communicate with Sylvain and I think it’s mostly going right now like,
Aubrey: Listen, I know that you were hurt. You showed me you were hurt, and that is scary, and it took you a long time to even trust us enough, to even connect with me like this. But it’s time, let’s fix it.         Right?
Griffin: You are talking to this silhouette of Sylvain. And you feel it trying to open up to you, you feel it trying to give you the power that you need right now. To give you, what you need to stop the Quell, but she’s just incapable of doing so. As you are in this meditative state, you feel yourself become somewhat vulnerable psychically. And as you’re having this conversation in just this void, you see flecks of red start to float upwards from the floor. I need you to Act Under Pressure.
Travis: A 9.
Griffin: Plus cool.
Travis: Plus cool is 0, so a 9.
Griffin: Mixed success.
Clint: What if— Okay.
Griffin: I mean she’s in a psychic vision, I don’t know how—
Clint: And I have psychic powers.
Griffin: Ooh, that’s a good point!
Clint: Could I help out?
Griffin: Yes, absolutely. Why don’t you roll to Help Out? Plus cool.
Travis: Damn.
Griffin: Wow, that’s double sixes, folks.
Clint: 12 minus 1 [Griffin laughing] is minus one cool.
Travis: Thacker ain’t cool.
Clint: So, that’s 11.
Griffin: Alright
Justin:  That’s generous.
Griffin: That— that bumps Aubrey up to a complete success. Uh—
Justin: [in Borat voice] Complete success
Griffin: Here is what happens.
Travis: Alright
Griffin: We’re— guys, we’re in the finale, it’s gonna be dramatic. Please no more Borat.
Justin:  Okay, that’s your opening offer, is no more Borat. I’m gonna come in at three Borat. [Justin laughing] And we’ll see where we go.
Travis: [Crosstalk] Now, I’m willing to do two Borat and a Napoleon Dynamite. [Clint and Justin laughing]
Griffin: Aubrey, you feel this space where you are trying to talk to Sylvain. You see it drift away. And— then you hear the Quell’s voice. [Music starts]
The Quell: Interesting. Aubrey Little. I did not know. The guilt that you have carried with you since that night must be... unbearable. You harbor... such hatred... and such shame. I can take that away.
Griffin: And then Aubrey you are standing in the living room of your old house. And it’s nighttime and there is soft moonlight spilling in through the windows that are— It’s illuminating the familiar trappings of your youth. And whatever, like, brief moment of warmth or whatever you may feel is interrupted when you notice your father’s unconscious body laying at your feet with a trickle of blood coming from his head. And at the top of the stairs you catch a glimpse of a strange man, uh, up in the collections room with a flashlight in hand. And in front of you, you see yourself and you’re on the ground with your eyes closed and there’s a burly silhouette kneeling over you, checking your vitals before nervously returning to the foyer. You see Ned. And... he’s panicked and he’s angry. And... he runs up the stairs and he’s shouting for his partner’s attention and just begging him to leave. And you see yourself lift up, off the floor. And you float behind Ned and you point at the— at the man upstairs, who looks at you just agog, as Ned does, as you see your hair begin to float up and your eyes turn bright orange. And you hold the fist up in the air and a ball of flame erupts at the top of the stairs and... then it freezes. In this moment, where you are trying to forge this connection with Sylvain you left yourself vulnerable and start to see this scene like... crackle and turn red. And you feel just rage, external rage coursing through you. And then you hear Thacker shouting at you, as if, like, down from, like, a long- a long corridor. Uh, what does- what does he say?
Thacker: [echoing] Aubrey, don’t give into it.
Aubrey: Thacker? Are you in my house?
Thacker: No, no. I’m— huh?
Aubrey: Yeah, I’m in my- this is my house from when I was a kid.
Thacker: No, come back! C’mon, [clapping, snapping] hey! Wake up! Wake up, wake up! Did it work? Did it work? Aw hell.
Griffin: As you are distracted by Thacker’s tomfoolery, you see this red crackling start to drift away and you feel this rage start to subside.
Travis: I think she walks over to herself.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I think she gently lays a hand on her own cheek and says “It’s not your fault.”
Griffin: The scene starts to move now, very slowly. You see this ball of fire detonate in just this bright flash of light and as it fades, you turn and you see... Sylvain, with Alexandra standing at her side.
Griffin: Duck! You are floating in orbit around The Quell and its eye is following you. You are surrounded by these shards of earth and stone and you see some of them, like, get caught in orbit and slam into other islands and just get destroyed, uhh...you are floating through space. What do you do?
Justin: Am I able to control my— my—
Travis: Trajectory?
Justin: Thank you, that is exactly the word. At all?
Griffin: What do you try to do to control your trajectory?
Clint: Is there stuff floating by? Flying by?
Griffin: There’s like shards and like planks of stone and stuff
Justin: Alright, here’s what I do. Are there some within reach?
Griffin: Yeah, sure
Justin: Uh while I’m floating in space, I see a big sharp-looking log fly above me and I pull out Beacon and I whip— you know, make it go corded— go whip-shaped and I whip around it and spin around in the air as much as possible and try to chuck it at The Quell.
Griffin: Uh okay...Why don’t you...
Justin: I don’t even know if the physics of that fucking makes sense but that’s the only thing I can do.
Travis: We’re in a magical land, Justin!
Griffin: Yeah I mean the physics can be whatever you want them to be. Are you trying to hurt the Quell? What are you trying to do?
Justin: Distract it
Griffin: Okay, uhh...
Justin: [laughing] I hope that the Quell cannot be damaged by some hastily flung logs.
Travis: Turns out driftwood was his one weakness!
Justin: His one weakness! He’s like a Space Dracula!
Griffin: Then I think this is Kick Some Ass.
Justin: Okay
Griffin: Right? Or if you’re trying to distract it I guess it could be Act Under Pressure
Justin: Yeah I feel like probably Act Under Pressure makes more sense even though...that’s the same stats so—
Griffin: Okay go ahead and Act Under Pressure, Duck
Griffin: Holy Shit guys! [crosstalk] Twelve!
Justin: That’s a ten.. Plus two! Right there when I need it.
Griffin: You can take the advanced move. You may do either what you wanted to do and something extra, or do what you wanted with absolute perfection.
Justin: I wanna do what I wanted to do with absolute perfection.
Travis: [laughing]
Justin: I wanna chuck that piece of wood and it’s spinning, end over end, and it just, like, jabs in at the wildest, most improbable angle. I want this thing to be afraid of me. I want it to wonder what the fuck I am because it doesn’t have any relationship to me and I just want its attention, that is all I’m trying to get to. I just want it to focus on me so Aubrey can finish her business.
Griffin: Okay uhh you chuck this huge log into its side and it just spears into the Quell.
Justin: Ahh!
Griffin: And the room like... vibrates. Like, the flawless surface of this sphere, you send like a ripple through it and that ripple turns sharp as it goes, you see little cubes appear as it's injured in this way. And it roars, and you see it as it comes around the circle, you see that it was reaching for Aubrey with just this splash of red fluid that’s just emitting from its side, trying to just envelope her and as you stab into it you see that splash spasm and fall limp and get sucked back up into the surface
Duck: Now see! Now this is why it’s so important in a conflict to keep focused on everybody else’s needs, because if you had been focused on MY need, right then, you would have totally seen that big stupid log comin’ at your dumb ass!
Griffin: It’s eye turns towards you and it was a kind of... a bright yellow light before, now it is furious red like the rest of it and parts of its body— just splashes of red fluid begin to whip out of it, uhh towards you Duck, trying to envelope you. Thacker! It’s your turn.
Clint: How close is Thacker to Duck?
Griffin: You were standing— [crosstalk] you are in the same orbit, so you are fairly close. You could get to him.
Justin: [crosstalk] They don’t know each other that well, it’s only been a few weeks
Travis: There’s sparks!
Clint: Okay, I’ll tell you what, I think—  Thacker is gonna continue this same strategy, he wants to distract the Quell too. So, he throws his spiked walking stick at it [crosstalk] It’s Act Under Pressure, it’s the same thing he did, isn’t it?
Griffin: [laughing] Okay— I mean, I will give that to you, you are not going to hurt it at all.
Clint: I know, just distract it.
Griffin: Oh my GOD, guys! That’s a ten! What the fuck’s going on?
Travis: Holy shit! [laughs] It’s the power of love, Griffin.
Griffin: Oh wait, but it’s a nine because you Acted Under Pressure and you have minus one cool.
Clint: EXCEPT...
Justin: There he goes.
Griffin: Here he goes.
Clint: When you have to Act Under Pressure due to a monster, phenomenon or mystical effect you may roll plus weird instead of plus cool.
Travis: This is about a monster, if you think about it.
Griffin: Um, okay— Yeah. You set out to—
Clint: So it’s a twelve
Griffin: Yeah, it’s a twelve. You set out to do what you want to do. What happens, Thacker?
Clint: Hopefully it’ll distract it enough that the tendrils will move towards me instead of towards Duck.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, you throw your walking stick at it, and you throw it near where this huge log has pierced into its side and you’re— [crosstalk]
Clint: It’s just like when Jason Statham in Meg... “Hey over here, over here! Smacking the water so that the thing turns for him.
Griffin: I can’t believe you just fucking referenced Meg on our podcast
Travis: If only there was a more well-known shark movie you could have referenced...
Griffin: You throw your spear near where the log jabbed into its side and because it is just so, so much smaller, I think it just kinda gets in there a little bit and sort of— dink! —and you watch it fly off back into the orbit but it does enough to make the Quell turn back towards you, Thacker, and there is something about you that is just inherently distracting to the Quell—
Clint: And everybody else!
Griffin: You are a mystery to this thing, you figured that out when you just got inside its head, you are the only thing to ever be under its influence and then NOT be. So it turns towards you and sure enough its tendrils just curve in the air and they start to wrap around you. Uhh, Aubrey? Aubrey, this scene of the night of the robbery is moving in slow motion. The fire has just started to spread upstairs, you see both of the men in this room react to it in slow motion and... there is Sylvain. She takes a step towards you and Alexandra does too. And then, Alexandra kind of like... shakes out it a little bit, and then looks up at Sylvain, and then looks at you and she says
Alexandra: She’s dwelled within you your entire life, Aubrey, up to this moment. And she watched you grow up and she loved you and loved who you became and then in this moment Aubrey when you were in danger, she finally managed to wrest control of the wheel and in an effort to protect you, Aubrey, she destroyed your life. This is why she went into hiding, Aubrey, from the world, from the Quell, from you. She couldn’t bear what she did to you and your family.
Aubrey: You know, for an all-powerful God of creation and love... you’re pretty dense.
Griffin: Both of them look horrified— well no— Alexandra looks horrified. Sylvain looks, kind of, in shock.
Aubrey: Listen, hear me out okay, you’ve been with me, so for the last— however long it’s been— year? It all blends together. Me and Duck and Ned and now Thacker and Mama and Barclay...we’ve all been trying to help people, right? And sometimes you fuck up. Sometimes people get hurt, sometimes you can’t... [sigh] sometimes you act and you do things and you’re wrong. And if you let the fact that you’ve fucked up stop you from trying to help again, that’s the real mistake. I’ve fucked up so many times! You can’t be afraid to help, because, yeah! You might hurt... but you also might help. You just have to keep... helping. Don’t be afraid. I’m not! I trusted you. You said— I don’t know what you said, but it made me feel like it would be ok— and I believe you and now you have to believe me. It’s gonna be okay. We can do this. Don’t be afraid.
Griffin: As you’re talking to her, as you’re saying these things, the scene continues and you see the two men run down the stairs by you as you’re speaking and you see Sylvain truly take her form. She looks like you, Aubrey, and that may be just an effect of how she came back into the world, but she looks like you. Her hair is like this radiant shifting color, she has these bright orange eyes that are starting to well with tears and she walks up to you and she clasps her hands around one of your hands and she smiles. And she gives you a kiss on the forehead, and it blows your mind— she’s a deity, and it’s a wild thing that nobody has ever experienced before, and she takes a step back and then she kinda cocks her head and grins and she points behind you. You see the house beginning to give way to the flames, some of the infrastructure has started to collapse in the flames and framed in the doorway, cast in this wild orange light, you see Ned dragging you and your father to safety as the embers drift past him and up into the quiet night air. And, Aubrey, you are awake. You see Thacker enveloped in the Quell’s form, starting to pull him in, you see Duck furiously trying to free him. What do you do?
Aubrey: [echoing] I don’t think you heard me. I said, I. AM. SYLVAIN.
Griffin: Instantly, the Quell retracts its tendrils and Duck and Thacker go flying. And the eye whips towards you, Aubrey. And you can tell it is... terrified. And overjoyed. All at the same time. And those three words boom through the chamber and Duck and Thacker, as you’re flying around, you’re catching glimpses of Aubrey and she is, just this bright orange flame. And you see this flame as she yells this phrase just radiate through the chamber. And now the gentle earthquakes that were tearing apart the biomes around this room, they just go ballistic and everything is shaking violently. And you see parts of the chamber ripping off the walls, trees and rocks and rivers slowly migrating toward the Quell in the center of this chamber. And there is a large fissure in the ceiling that is spreading further and further apart and slabs of rock are falling through it into this increasing cascade of things that are now caught in the orbit around the Quell. And its tendril is close to you...
Travis: Aubrey reaches out her hand.
Griffin: And as they touch, light spreads from your finger, it spreads from the tendril and... everything goes silent. From the fissure above, all of you see the crystalline heart of Sylvain, now filled with searing, brilliant orange light as it falls into the chamber, like a heavenly spear. And the Quell’s eye gently closes. [music fades]
Griffin: When your senses return, the chamber that you were just in has changed dramatically. The three of you are still just floating, but no longer swirling around in this violent orbit. In front of you instead of seeing this perfect red sphere, now all you see Sylvain. She’s floating in front of you with Alexandra at her side and you also noticed that the chaos that had overtaken this room, all of these pieces of earth and these chunks of those biomes all around the walls have slowly started to move back into place like pieces of a puzzle. And Sylvain takes a step towards you and she is just surrounded by these orange sparks, almost like fireflies, with Alexandra at her side. And she just looks at the three of you and she flashes this big, toothy grin.
Aubrey: [stutters] H— hello, your...planet...ship.
Justin: I think Duck takes a knee and puts Beacon in front of him, in a sort of knightly pose.
Griffin: Thacker, what do you do?
Clint: Well this is basically somebody he’s devoted his whole life to, I mean, studying Sylvain, and archiving all the things and I think he’s just kind of stunned. I think he just... a single tear runs down his cheek and he is overcome, he is just stunned. I don’t think he says a damned thing.
Griffin: Sylvain kind of like... [grimacing noise] grimaces? A little bit. And Alexandra says
Alexandra: Oh, gosh. None of that’s necessary. Oh gosh... I mean, thank you and it’s really good to see the three of you, alive and well. I don’t know— thank you, obviously.
Aubrey: You’re welcome... [playfully] how about that? Yeah! Eh?
Travis: I think for Aubrey this is probably the way that talking to an older sibling that you’ve both always had and never known, and feel connected to, but also don’t really know all that well? And it’s gotta be both... bizarre and comforting at the same time.
Griffin: Yeah, she actually flies very quickly towards you Aubrey, and kind of pushes you back in the air with a big hug. She has watched you grow up your entire life and now she can touch you, and it is ALL she wants to do, is give you a big hug.
Justin: Does Aubrery feel any better? Any different? I’m curious as a listener, as an outside observer, this is not necessarily Duck asking because this is all way fuckin out of his pay grade, but I’m curious because Aubrey has been a vessel for so long, do you feel different with her not being inside of you?
Travis: That’s a good question... Griffin? Do they still feel connected? Does Aubrey still feel magical?
Griffin: I’m not gonna answer that. I think that she pulls away from you and she cups your face in her hands and pulls away a little bit. And Alexandra says
Alexandra: So, uhh... Aubrey, what does this mean for us?
Aubrey: Are you breaking up with me? [laughs]
Alexandra: No, Aubrey... you’ve never known a life without my presence dwelling in you, but you’ve finally brought me home, so what’s next?
Aubrey: I mean, I’ve enjoyed... I was gonna say working with you, but that doesn’t even BEGIN to scratch the surface. I like being connected to you, we have done a lot of cool things and a lot of good for people, and listen, I’m open to staying in touch, as it were, staying connected. But I don’t want to take you away from your home, are we—
Alexandra: Aubrey... Aubrey, when was the last time someone asked you what you wanted?
Griffin: And as she says that, you realize that was the thing she said to you that you couldn’t quite understand when you were in the temple above.
Alexandra: What do you want, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Wow, I’ll be honest with you, Sylvain, that is a big old question. Because right now, on the low end is like... a sandwich? Like I’m really hungry. We’ve been doing a lot of shit today. And I haven’t eaten— I had like a breakfast bar—
Thacker: I offered you GORP!
Aubrey: I’m not eating that disgusting shit, Thacker.
Alexandra: No, Aubrey I can be with you AND be with my world and my people. I can keep you with me and work with you from within. Tell me what you want, Aubrey. Your destiny is no longer bigger than you, Aubrey. What do you want?
Aubrey: I’d like to be able to explore and to experience and to make my own decisions, but I don’t wanna do that without you. Listen, can I be honest with you? I like having power. I like being able to help people and protect myself and protect my friends. I like that, and I don’t want to lose that. But I also want to be able to live a life where I make decisions and sometimes take a day off when I need to, and sometimes stay in bed and watch cartoons if I need to, so like—
Griffin: She kinda rolls her eyes back, like— [sighs in relief] oh, yeah.
Aubrey: Right? And like, eat pizza without having to worry if me taking a day off is going to destroy the world.
Griffin: Alexandra says,
Alexandra: I think we’re both owed that.
Griffin: And she nods at you and kind of hovers away. And then she looks over at you, Thacker, and see you with this tear in your eye and she floats over to you and Alexandra says
Alexandra: The three of you saved this world, and saved me. But Thacker, it’s because of you that the Quell was spared also. I— thank you, Thacker. Thank you.
Thacker: [stutters] It— it was my honor to do this and— thank you for giving me a purpose in my life.
Griffin: She grins and Alexandra says
Alexandra: You’ve got more going on than just that, Thacker. Know this, though the path that the Quell walked is not so easily traveled in reverse. The threat is ended, yes, but I pray that one day the Quell will return to me.
Griffin: She bows, and then she floats over to you, Duck, where you’re kneeling on the ground and just looks down on you gracefully.
Duck: We don’t really need a thing. I know you and I don’t really know each other but we don’t need to do a... don’t feel like... I won’t feel short-changed if we don’t do a thing. Hey, thanks, this is all cool, this is all great though— I’m very pleased. Don’t think that I’m not thrilled, I just don’t feel like we need to do a ‘I’ll miss you most of all, Duck,’ because we’re not— it’s fine— it really is fine.
Griffin: She smiles and just kind of... shrugs and she just puts a hand on your shoulder for a second and it is the wildest feeling you have ever felt in your entire life. And then she walks backwards towards Alexandra, and she nods at Alexandra who walks towards the three of you and stands next to you and light starts to fill this chamber—
Aubrey: Wait, wait. Hold on—
Griffin: The light goes away from the chamber. [laughter]
Aubrey: Listen, Sylvain, I don’t know how many opportunities the three of us are gonna get to, like, speak face-to-face to... you know, a GOD. Um, there has been so much destruction and anger and we’ve lost friends... and... what happens now? What happens?
Griffin: She smiles, and floats over to you and, just... points at you. And she places a hand on your heart, and she just... grins. And Alexandra at your side says
Alexandra: We’ll figure it out together.
Griffin: And then the chamber is filled with light and your vision fades. [birds chirping]
Griffin: Aubrey and Thacker. The two of you awaken in a bed of flowers. And the sky above is a pale blue, there’s a flock of birds— actual birds, not monster birds— that fly overhead and you track them, while laying on the ground, until your vision is obscured by a towering orange crystal that is symmetrical and sprawling outward, like the crown of a tree. And as the two of you sit up, you see the city of Sylvain as you never have before you see it in daylight. And you see the survivors that were inside the Castle, they’ve moved outside, they’re moving the barricades away into the courtyard here. And they are seeing to the Sylvans that are beginning to awaken on the street. Aubrey, you see one of them nursing a bruised, very badly kicked hand. And all of these people are waking up on the street, are just like shaking their heads, they’re bleary-eyed, as if they’re awakening from a long slumber. And near you, you see Vincent, who is tending to Alexandra and Duck, both of whom have yet to awaken. And Janelle is sitting with her back against the crystal, just so, so weary. She looks at you as you sit up, Aubrey, and Janelle says
Janelle: [tired voice] Aubrey? I have great news. You can touch the crystal whenever your heart so desires!
Aubrey: [laughs] You know... I’m cool for right now.
Griffin: She smiles and she says
Janelle: I know it’s time for celebration but... [sighs] do you think they’d let us take a nap first?
Aubrey: Oh my god, you read my mind. Ohhh, you know, I’m gonna say, as the saviors of an entire planet, maybe even dimension, not sure how that works. I think we can probably can take a nap whenever the fuck we want.
Griffin: She laughs and says—
Aubrey: Also a sandwich... if I could get a sandwich... I am SO hungry.
Janelle: [laughs] I’m not your maid...?
Aubrey: I’m not asking you, Janelle! You could have a sandwich too, if someone could bring us just a big party platter—
Griffin: As you’re looking for a party platter, you hear a voice booming from the entrance of the courtyard that says,
Agent Stern: Hear me, voices of evil, your— [pauses] Oh.
Griffin: And you look over and see Agent Stern, with just a big baseball that he’s holding and he says,
Agent Stern: [surprised] Oh, is it done?
Aubrey: Yeah!
Agent Stern: Y’all were gone for awhile, I thought maybe we should come help!
Aubrey: [desperately] Do you have a KIND bar?
Griffin: [laughs] And in walks with him, Mama and Minerva and Dani. And Mama’s like,
Mama: Yeah, I think you missed your hero window there, bud.
Griffin: And Dani is just BEAMING, just from being back home and seeing that you survived, Aubrey, she is just looking all around and when she sees you, she just runs and tackles you to the ground. She picks you up and looks at you and says
Dani: So I have a super weird story to tell you... that you are NOT going to believe.
Aubrey: Oh, me too! Oh man.
Dani: No— no trust me, mine’s gonna blow your mind.
Aubrey: Oh, really? Because like... mine too! Like—
Dani: No, seriously, like.
Aubrey: You wanna say it on three? We’ll say it on three.
Dani: Okay...
Aubrey: [in unison] one... two... three...
Dani: [in unison] one... two... three...
Aubrey: [simultaneously] I had Sylvain living inside of me and then she—
Dani: [simultaneously] Doctor Harris Bonkers walks and—
Aubrey: [pauses] ...wait, what did you say?
Dani: What did YOU say?
Aubrey: I had Sylvain living inside me— What about Doctor Harris Bonkers?
Dani: He like... walks on two legs and stuff now...
Aubrey: Huh.
Dani: You had Sylvain INSIDE of you?
Aubrey: Yeah! Like apparently this whole fucking time, like since I was born. Sylvain, the goddess of... you know, YOUR PLANET, was like... inside THIS one.
Travis: And she does like, the two thumbs.
Aubrey: And then, we went downstairs and jumped down a pit and I talked to Sylvain, she popped out. Stopped the Quell, and then like we hugged, what’s up, I hugged your god and she was like— we totally chilled for a bit. And then we came back here and I saved your planet. Um, but I’m not gonna play down your thing,
Dani: yeah..
Aubrey: because I would like to hear about my bunny... that is apparently now, like, the White Rabbit from Alice in Wonderland.
Dani: [nervously] So can I like... can I still, like, hang out with you?
Aubrey: Oh absolutely! But do know, hey, I want you to know, because she’s not, like, she’s, we’re— now we’ve got kind of a timeshare thing going on. [Dani laughs] But I want you to know that when we kissed? You were kissing a GOD! What’s up!
Griffin: She like, falls backward, and like—
Aubrey: I know!
Griffin: Is like, about to faint. She’s like,
Dani: Alright, can we like— can we slow it down.
Aubrey: Yeah! I know, hey, what’s THAT like, huh? You were kissing a GOD! And every time I ate burritos? A god was eating burritos!
Griffin: Mama walks over to you Thacker and helps you to your feet. And she says
Mama: So uh, just like old times, huh? Kinda?
Thacker: [exhales loudly] Uhhh... I don’t know there, Maddie. [laughs] I don’t know if... I never had any old times quite like that. I tell you though... it was really cool. And I got so much to write down! I got s— we got... We got a lot of work to do!
Mama: Alright, easy there, Partner.
Thacker: Are you feeling alright? You doin’ alright?
Mama: Oh yeah, I feel top-notch, bud. But I think maybe let’s put a brief hiatus on the work we have to do... I think it’s probably time we celebrate...maybe our retirement from monster huntin’?
Thacker: Aww, screw retirement! It ain’t— retirement’s not for me. No, no, I got a lot of stuff to do, maybe a little break. How ‘bout a hiatus.
Mama: What do you say we go celebrate the old way down at Brewster’s Pub, huh? Assuming it’s uh, assuming it’s still standing...
Thacker: [excitedly] Shuffleboard and wings?! Yeah!
Griffin: Duck, finally you wake up—
Duck: [loud gasping inhale] [Clint laughs]
Justin: Next time I’m gonna be unconscious, man, let me know, I’ll go hit the head, or get a Power Bar or something. [music fades out]
Griffin: You look around to see what your cohorts saw a minute ago, you see the planet beginning to revive and you also see Minerva, and her battle robe is slightly torn, and she is towering above you, blocking out the sun. And she says,
Minerva: Welcome back, Duck Newton!
Duck: Oh, man, tha— thank you. How did you hold up... uh, how was the fighting and everything?
Griffin: She nods and she says,
Minerva: We did very well. It seems you did, also.
Duck: Yeah, I didn’t actually end up beating a lot of ass... um, I’m glad I got to see it and everything, but I hope I played my part.
Griffin: She kind of grins and looks to the side and bends over, and a few feet away she picks up Beacon out of the grass and hands it to you and she says
Minerva: You’ve done the impossible, Duck Newton. You did what I could not. [sighs] You saved two worlds. Remarkable.
Duck: I don’t know much— I don’t know about that, that seems very generous but. Um. If I’m anything at all, a little part of this, I’m— I owe it all to you. Thanks for— I never said this, but, thanks for picking me. I know it was kind of random and stuff but... thanks. [pauses] Hey, what’s going on? You seem kind of preoccupied.
Griffin: She sits down now and she looks over at you and she says,
Minerva: You know what’s wrong, Duck Newton. The Quell, it wasn’t the one who orchestrated the attacks on your world. [pause] We... missed something, Duck Newton.
Duck: I mean, I’m not gonna say that it’s not in the back of my head but... I don’t know, ‘Nerva. What do you want me to do about it? I mean, I’m in there fighting with GODS, and I’m a strong guy with a sword and... you know, pretty good constitution... I mean, can’t we just leave well enough alone?
Griffin: She says,
Minerva: I don’t know if we’re going to have the option.
Griffin: And you hear a... faint whining noise. In the distance, just miles away. You start to see like... a line forming in the sky in the distance, [dramatic music begins] and she says,
Minerva: Duck Newton, that archway... it’s not a rift, Duck. It’s a tunnel. I believe it’s a tunnel through—
Griffin: And she look around in a panic and says,
Minerva: Duck Newton... you’ve been conscious for one hundred and thirty-four seconds.
Griffin: And she leans in close and grabs your shoulders and she says,
Minerva: You have one hundred and thirty four-seconds to stop them.
Griffin: And then the sky is torn in two....Roll plus weird.
Justin: Siiiiiixx? [pause] Five.
Griffin: Shit.
Justin: You know what? I’m gonna use a luck point.
Travis: Whoa!
Clint: Whoa!
Justin: I don’t even know what the fuck this is, [Griffin laughs] but you know, we ain’t going that much longer, I am gonna use a luck point!
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: So jack that up to twelve.
Griffin: The sky is torn in two. [Music intensifies, bells chime]
Griffin: A rift, miles long, appears in the distance. And through it, Duck, you see... stars. More vividly than you’ve ever seen them before. And there is a bright light through the rift, too. And a heat, an unbearable heat. And then it comes into focus. This rift empties into outer space. Into an unsurvivable orbit with a nearby bright, white star. And the heat hits first, miles away. The land beneath this scar in the sky is, just, evaporated, and then ripped from the ground. And you see the surface of this world in the distance peeled upward, just shattering and flying upward into the scar. And then Minerva looks at you, and Minerva says
Minerva: It’s time to confront—
Griffin: And then she’s gone. As is everyone around you. They are just, ripped from Sylvain’s gravitational pull in an instant, and the Castle nearby breaks apart, into the vacuum, just burning as it flies into space. The whole of the city flies into this scar, it devours everything in sight. Leaving only you, Duck. You are weightless and floating as you survey the destruction, you survey this beam of white hot light that is pouring through the rift, just immolating everything in its path. And that’s when you remember... you’ve seen this vision before. This is what you saw the night of your first vision, of your first encounter with Minerva. This was the first revelation you were ever granted about your destiny. It’s a dream no longer. It is here. And then that scene is gone. Now you are standing by the archway in Sylvain, the opaque white light inside of the archway begins to fracture. [Music stops] And then you open your eyes and you see Minerva standing above you, blocking out the sun. And she says,
Minerva: Welcome back, Duck Newton!
Duck: We’re out of time. [“The Arch in the Woods” by Griffin McElroy begins to play]
Griffin: She opens her eyes with shock and, then, lowers a hand to pick you up from the ground.
Duck: We’ve got a hundred and twenty eight seconds.
Griffin: She nods and she says,
Minerva: What do we do?
Duck: We’ve gotta close the gate. [Music transitions into an up-tempo variation of the same tune]
Griffin: She looks over, down the main drag at the hill with the archway standing on it. And she says,
Minerva: I’ll clear the way!
Griffin: And she begins, just, charging— charging down the main drag, just knocking everybody out of the way, in almost a football play. Just barrelling through, making a line for you. What do you do?
Justin: I’m just charging after her, just following in her wake, as we run to the gate, and I’m screaming,
Duck: Anybody, for the love of god, anybody, we gotta close the gate now! We have a... hundred and EIGHT seconds—
Travis: As soon as Duck and Minerva start running, I’m gonna say that Aubrey just goes.
Clint: And Thacker follows!
Griffin: Mama does too, for sure. Mama follows, and Agent Stern follows after, Vincent also like stands up from where he was standing over Alexandra and begins charging after, yelling,
Vincent: Clear the way! Move! Move!
Duck: Ninety-eight seconds!
Griffin: You charge down the main drag and hearing Vincent’s voice and seeing this enormous woman charging towards them, people start jumping out of the way as your group charges upwards, up the stairs, up to the plaza with the archway. Minerva says,
Minerva: What did you see, Duck? What did you see?
Duck: They’re opening a fissure and it’s gonna suck everybody the hell out into space. It’s bad, it’s real bad.
Aubrey: What do we do, Duck?
Duck: We gotta close this fuckin’ gate!
Aubrey: Vincent, is there like, a spell? Is there a way to close the gate?
Vincent: If there was a way to close the gate, Aubrey, we would have done it long ago!
Duck: ...You guys ever try C4?
Vincent: [confused] See what?
Duck: BOOM block, c’mon, C-4. Bomb. Explode. Boom, boom boom!
Griffin: Agent Stern speaks up and he’s like,
Agent Stern: Uh Duck, that is pretty dangerous stuff, uhh.
Duck: [freaking out] You wanna see dangerous stuff, chill out another 78 seconds!
Aubrey: Okay! Listen, pro and con, real quick. Con we’ll close the door, we’ll probably be stuck over here. Uh, pro I trust Duck! So... plant that shit.
Justin: I’m already planting it, I’m getting the bomb and planting it on the gate.
Aubrey: Everybody--
Thacker: How are we gonna detonate, [stutters] how we gonna detonate it?
Duck: We’ll figure out something!
Aubrey: Everybody scoot back, scoot back.
Thacker: Yeah, take cover, that stuff is gonna be potent!
Griffin: Yeah, everyone has already started lining up behind the columns, just stacking up to find shelter from the blast
Duck: Aubrey, you’ve already been a god today, think you could handle being a fuse?
Aubrey: Sure! Yeah! Why not!
Travis: And Aubrey closes her eyes and starts... you know, like... magicking.
Griffin: Duck, you’re right next to Minerva who is grinning... she is surprisingly excited for what’s about to happen, and she puts her hand on your shoulder and looks down at you and says,
Minerva: I’m with you to the end, Duck Newton!
Justin: And Duck leans in real close.
Duck: [whispering] You can call me Wayne.
Travis: And Aubrey opens her eyes and says,
Aubrey: Abracadabra.
Travis: And shoots the blast of fire. [Music ends sharply.]
