Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Boyd: You steal Shade Tree for me and I'm out of your hair for good.
Griffin: And as you are trying to rouse Leo back to life, a beam of light shoots out of the tip of the antenna and as it does so you wake up.
Griffin: And she pulls out this dark blue book, you can't really tell what it says--
Dani: I'm scared of what they might find out, I'm scared of war between our worlds.
Griffin: You are through the rift and now you're standing in front of this barbed wire fence surrounding the Green Bank Telescope. Like, you can read the emotion on this bigfoot’s face, it is frustrated. And then it looks over and it sees you and it smiles. And then this figure looks up at you and she just has these bright orange glowing eyes. And this fog has fully taken form, it's Deputy Dewey and he’s a ghost. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Griffin: Okay, so we ended the last episode-- which we recorded six Gregorian weeks ago, um, if we were in middle school we would’ve gotten 2 report cards in the time that it’s taken us to record this next episode. At the end of that episode, though, you all were kind of all over the place and I would like to sort of jump forward in time just a little bit and pull everyone together, because there's a lot  of shit that's happened in the last 2 episodes that we kind of need to reflect in a scene. So if you will allow me, it is, let’s say the day after all of this, uh, mostly bad stuff went down, and the 3 of you, along with Mama and Hollis and Keith and Megan, Detective Megan are all sitting in a conference room at the sheriff’s office. And Sheriff Owens walks in, he's got a bag of Jolly Pirate Donuts, which have franchised out into Kepler, I’m guessing.
Justin: You have to assume.
Griffin: You have to assume. I’m making that canon because I wish they would franchise out to Texas. Boy howdy, do I miss those donuts. He's got like a drink carrier full of coffees and he's like--
Sheriff Owens: Everyone good? I've brought some vittles to help perk you up, I know I’ve brought you here pretty early this morning.
Ned: Anybody know anything about acupressure on the feet? Because I had to walk all the way from that telescope-- Nobody would pick me up hitchhiking!
Sheriff Owens: I could see if anyone here wants to rub feet, but I offered coffee, so that's... different.
Duck: You have blueberry? Got any blueberry? That's my favorite.
Sheriff Owens: Oh, well, you know I got blueberry, this whole bag is full of blueberries.
Aubrey: Blueberry coffee?
Duck: A fritter?
Sheriff Owens: Yeah, I got two fritters, one for me and one for my new warrior friend Duck Newton, I guess.
Duck: That's nice ‘cause you get it free, it's the baker’s dozen, so you get the fritter for free. A lot of people just choose the extra donut but you gotta go down and look at the shelves, ‘cause they got the pastries down there that you can do your thirteenth one-- you can get the apple fritter or you know a--
Ned: A bear claw?
Duck: Cinnamon roll, bear claw, whatever you want, but that's where you go.
Aubrey: There was mention of coffee?
Sheriff Owens: Yeah, here.
Griffin: He slides it to you. It's dangerous, but you catch it.
Aubrey: That's weird, styrofoam cups don't slide very well. [Justin laughing]
Griffin: He greased it so... he greased the cups.
Aubrey: Whoa, it's all slippery!
Clint: It's a Kepler thing.
Griffin: Sheriff Owens says, uh,
Sheriff Owens: Okay, so, uh, I brought y'all here because I’m having a predicament and I just kinda wanna outline it for ya. You’re not under arrest because this seems like it falls outside of my usual jurisdiction but here's where I’m at. I got a monster what’s loose in my town--
Aubrey: Mm-hmm.
Sheriff Owens: And it is the most recent, I can only assume, of many monsters been loose in my town--
Duck: Yeah.
Sheriff Owens: Am I gettin' it so far?
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Ned: [high-pitched voice] Yeah... more or less.
Sheriff Owens: Now, folks been killed by this monster, my deputy being the latest victim, and folks have seen this monster now, including everyone that's in this room.
Travis: Now, Griffin, quick question in the passing time-- so Sheriff doesn't know about Deputy Ghost?
Griffin: Um, you know what, you tell me. I wanna know what you think. You’re the one who brought him-- well, not back to life, but you're the one who gave him spectral form and while we last saw him sort of breaking you out of the jail cell, like, uh, I don't know, what makes the most sense to you?
Travis: Well, I mean, I did give him spectral form using a luck point to save his life so [raspberry sound] super cool there, Griffin. No, I get it, it's fine.
Griffin: He's alive.
Clint: I gotta tell you, I’m a little tired of keeping secrets from people. Good lord, that's--
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: Exhausting!
Travis: It's not so much— it's not so much, Dad, that I'm considering keeping secrets, so much as like, how much all at once can this regular Joe take? Like, if I'm like, yeah, there's monsters and also your deputy's dead and also he's a ghost and I can do magic...
Griffin: We don't have to have that conversation, you can just say, like, the sheriff knows, I already did that, I already introduced the sheriff to his ghost deputy and he's here and he's--
Travis: Yeah, you know what, if I was Deputy Dewey’s ghost, I’d wanna be able to talk to the sheriff, so I’d say he knows.
Griffin: Okay, so when he mentions him, then, when he says ‘my deputy being the latest victim’, Deputy Dewey waves. He's seated in a chair, like, across from you all and he reaches over and tries to grab a donut and—
Ned: Whoa! Whoa! Geez! I’m never gonna get used to that.
Deputy Dewey: I know, I’m just trying to get used to it, too. So if I take a bite of this, I’m kinda corporeal— are you gonna be just able to see it in my tummy, am I gonna be able to taste it? What’s the rules?
Aubrey: Only one way to find out!
Griffin: He does, he takes a bite, you see him chewin’ it, he says--
Deputy Dewey: I don't got any spit, but-- it’s kinda, it’s hard to do--
Griffin: And he swallows it, and sure enough, there's just some donut floatin' there, just in the center of his sorta translucent belly. [laughing]
Travis: Nice.
Deputy Dewey: Oh, this is horrible, this is real bad.
Aubrey: Hey! Hey! I think it's cool.
Griffin: Sheriff Owens says,
Sheriff Owens: I can't have the folks in this town unprepared for a monster attack and I can't have them terrified, runnin’ panicked because they just found out that monsters are real from their local sheriff. So that's where I'm at, that's my day and if anyone has any-- [crosstalk]
Aubrey: Yeah, welcome to where all of us have been! This is literally the discussion we have constantly been having since we found out about this, too. You can't just, like, hop on the local news and say, “oh, by the way, there's abominations out there and everything you knew about like magic and what is reality and stuff is wrong, but please stay calm.”
Ned: Why can't we?
Griffin: Hollis chimes in and says,
Hollis: Yeah, why not?
Aubrey: Think of all the people you know in your life. Think of 10 people you know, right, just a random 10 selection of people you've met in your life and you walk up to them and you say, “Hey, there's a vampire out on the loose” or “Hey, there's a werewolf out on the loose” or ”Hey--”, whatever, “and so you need to board up your doors tonight.” How many of them are going to listen to you, how many of them are gonna never talk to you again, and how many of them are gonna laugh in your face?
Ned: Listen, I was welcomed to Kepler with open arms with a loving, tender bosoms of the people of Kepler, West Virginia-- I think they're tougher, I think they're braver, and I think they're more accomplished than you give them credit for, and to be honest with you, I think we can use the backup.
Aubrey: All right, Ned, well, let's go a different way with it. You know what, they are tough and I bet a whole bunch of them wouldn't be scared but I'll tell ya-- not all things that go bump in the night are monsters, are they, Ned? Do you really want the citizens of Kepler taking up arms with itchy trigger fingers because they're looking for monsters out there?
Griffin: Sheriff Owens says,
Sheriff Owens: Now hold on, what do you mean by that, Aubrey?
Aubrey: What I mean is, just like us, people are good, people are bad, you can't-- just because there have been a couple things that have attacked out there, that all of them are looking to harm us. I’m just saying that maybe arming the citizens against, I don't know, anything that twitches or looks at ‘em wrong might not be a good way to go, ‘cause pretty soon people will start seeing monsters in the faces of their friends.
Griffin: Hollis stands up and says, uh,
Hollis: Well, Aubrey, I don't see why you get to make that call for everyone. Sheriff, listen, I know we don't see eye to eye, I know we've done lots of stunts that have left you quite flummoxed--
Aubrey: Literal stunts?
Hollis: So many stunts. But my people are ready to die to find this thing that killed our friends and put it down and these folks--
Griffin: And Hollis, they gesture to you--
Hollis: These folks been dropping the ball for too long.
Aubrey: Excuse me?
Ned: Whoa!
Griffin: Mama kinda clears her throat when they say that and Hollis says,
Hollis: Let us do our thing, lend us some help. Sheriff Owens, we can protect this town from whatever threatens it without everyone else finding out.
Aubrey: ‘Let us do our thing’-- what is your thing you punk?
Griffin: Hollis just doesn't even-- Hollis is not even giving you the time of day.
Aubrey: What are your qualifications? What-- what do you think you're gonna do that we haven't done? This is actually, a point of order, our thing, so how about you let us do our thing and you go out and hit some ramps or whatever.
Griffin: Are you trying to convince, or are you just fighting, are we just having an argument? [crosstalk]
Travis: No, I’m just fucking pissed off at this one.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I wanna know what Duck thinks.
Duck: You know, I don't believe that a room full of people can keep a secret, frankly. I mean, I think we're probably the past the point of this conversation,  I mean, you got Hollis, their crew, Sheriff, his crew... Ghost... there's a ghost now...
Deputy Dewey: I prefer specter. I know we're just still working on it but the terminology I prefer is specter.
Duck: All right, I can respect that.
Deputy Dewey: You can respecter that. That's a little respecter joke. [laughing]
Duck: Very little. Uh, you know, I, uh... I think this decision’s been made for us and I don't wanna bunch of random people out there, you know, taking swings at Bigfoot with a special axe they made to kill Bigfoot-- you know how the people in Kepler are, they love to make signature weapons.
Griffin: Sheriff Owens says,
Sheriff Owens: I think it's a little bit late for that--
Griffin: And gestures over to Keith and Hollis--
Duck: Yeah. [laughs] You know, it's funny, I... a few months back I would’ve laughed this off and said, hey, let the tough guys handle it. Honestly, though, I'm just a dude that knows a lot about plants currently. I have a helmet and a skateboard and that's about it. So I don't know. I don't know that I'm more qualified than anybody else to be out there fighting what goes bump in the night, you know.
Griffin: Sheriff Owens sighs and he says,
Sheriff Owens: All right, listen I'ma let y’all go. I need time to think about this, but if this thing comes back and more people get hurt or worse because I didn't make some sort of proclamation, then that's gonna be on me for the rest of my life. So I need to-- I need to make a decision on what's the best course of action is here, ‘cause I was not trained for this. And I'm sure y’all are gonna be hearing from me real soon.
Griffin: And with that, he walks out of the conference room and Hollis and Keith-- I think Hollis actually just kinda sneers, especially at you, Aubrey, and Hollis walks out of the room. And Keith stands up and says,
Keith: I know Hollis is comin’ off a little bit gruff, I know I have in the past, too, we’re just trying to do what's right and get some justice for the folks we lost. So, um, no hard feelings.
Aubrey: Fuck off.
Griffin: And Keith kinda looks down and sighs and walks outta the room.
Duck: Listen, the proverbial cat’s outta the bag and I don't think there's anything we're gonna be able to do to keep Hollis and their crew from trying a little vigilante justice. Far as I can see, [music starts] we got one way outta this.
Griffin: And Mama says,
Mama: What's that, Duck? What're you thinking in that noggin of yours?
Duck: I think we find this thing first and we put it in the ground.
Griffin: Let’s do a scene in the headquarters of Amnesty Lodge - do a parlor room scene where you guys kinda go over what you know about the monster.
Travis: A parlor room? Yes! We shall accuse the monster! Using the clues we’ve gathered!
Griffin: This is a fun character, I would think that with as much Poirot that you read, you would have an easier time sort of conjuring up this guy’s sort of-
Travis: Well this is - I rarely do a narrator for the narrator, but this is - I am the meta-narrator, I help Griffin to set the scene, imagine we are all in pipes and smoking jackets.
Griffin: You are all wearing pipes and smoking jackets in the cellar of Amnesty Lodge.
Travis: Sipping a Brandy.
Griffin: Aubrey is sipping a Brandy.
Travis: So is Ned.
Griffin: It’s not real Brandy, it’s apple juice, and Barclay—
Travis: Say something about Ned’s beard, how it’s twitching with anticipation.
Griffin: Yeah, he’s got it all curled around the mustache area,
Clint: Can I say “zounds”?
Duck: I got my computer here
Griffin: Oh, okay
Duck: in front of me, I got my laptop. So listen guys, I know we are all intimately familiar with all of the information we’ve gathered about this thing. So I’ve created a text document here, Google Docs, with all the info we have on it.
Griffin: Now is this an offline Google Docs? Or are you hard wired into the internet right now?
Justin: I’m hard wired into the internet, I’m plugged in through ethernet cable.
Travis: You know the Lodge has got ethernet, Griffin, come on.
Griffin: You’re right, you’re right. It’s 2019.
Ned: You’re using the inter-ned, right?
Aubrey: No.
Duck: No, I’ve talked to you about the subscription fees on the inter-ned and I’m not gonna pay ‘em, it’s ridiculous.
Aubrey: And the cookies, and the malware, and the spyware,
Duck: The cookies, the viruses, I’ve got viruses as I was connecting to it! It says “to connect to this service you must accept the following viruses.”
Griffin: And then you hear a “Bum! Do you want a Monster Dong?”
Duck: [laughing] Hold on, let me close some of these monster dong pop-ups.
Ned: You thought it was big feet! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!
Duck: Alright so I’ve typed all of the clues that we are so intimately familiar with, just to help us review, I’ve got a text-to-speech thing and I’m just going to play it for you all right now, so we can recap all of the information that we are intimately familiar with.
Griffin: Alright.
Justin: Boop!
Griffin: Am I it?
Justin: Yeah, you’re it.
Griffin: I can try and do a Microsoft Sam voice, if you want.
Justin: I think it would be helpful to everyone, excluding the people who make this show, obviously.
Duck: Hold on, I gotta click the uhh-
Text-to-speech: [robotic] Abomination is a shapeshifter. True appearance unknown. Past appearances include Blonde and small, then transformed into larger humanoid being.
Duck: Hold on one second, let me tweak this a little bit. It can do a British accent, hold on.
Text-to-speech: Gregor, the morgue technician, a bigfoot esque monster but far more bestial than Barclay.
Duck: I can’t understand it, let me try the New York one.
Text-to-speech: [southern accent] Behavior- [normally] Nope.
Duck: Hold on let me try it again.
Text-to-speech: [New York accent] Behavior it seemingly emulates the behaviors of things it mimics. It’s able to change shape and create rifts through space that it and others can pass through. It attacked Kepler twice and led pursuers through the clearing in the woods where the archway stands. Weakness Question mark, question mark, question mark. Dwelling A darkened building, presumably a hotel that Ned was taken to. Butts. Butts. Butts. Butts. [crosstalk] Butts. Butts. Butts. Butts. Butts. Butts.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Whoa, hold on, who just wrote “butts” here?
Text-to-speech: Butts Butts. [crosstalk] Pee-pee. Poo-poo. Butts.
Duck: Sorry, I’m trying to increase my typing speed.
Text-to-speech: Baby like a dukey. [laughter]
Aubrey: Wait, does baby like a dukey?
Ned: It’s looping! It’s looping!
Duck: I let Leo’s nephew fuck around with my computer, I think he added that, hold on.
Aubrey: Okay.
Duck: Okay let me just clear that out-
Text-to-speech: Butts. Butts. Butts.
Duck: Goddamnit, let me just close the computer. So possibilities, um, what about the ski resort? I mean if it’s someplace, Ned, like a hotel, do you think that could feel right?
Ned: It didn’t really have that resorty type of feel, and I mostly spent my time in the lower floor, the basement... it could be... the ski lodge? But isn’t the ski lodge still open?
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: Uh yeah, the ski resort’s still, you know, operating, and it’s not as popular as it used to be, but I’d like to think that if there was a, you know, a shapeshifting monster creating rifts in space-time, at the very least Eugene would take notice of that. So I think we can probably rule the ski resort out.
Ned: The thing is, Duck, it could be, it really does not have to be in Kepler proper. One of those rifts I stepped through, like I said, took me to the telescope for God’s sake, and that’s miles away!
Duck: God, you’re right.
Aubrey: Are there any other buildings, any other, I don’t know, like, office-y buildings, hotel-y, resort-y, big, you know, big closed buildings anywhere nearby?
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: Well, yeah, I mean there’s the, uh, not many that are open, we are not getting that much traction. It’s really just the... the ski resort’s got some rooms and then the motel down on Riverside, but that’s still open too. But if it’s an abandoned hotel or whatever that we’re looking for, Kepler’s got no shortage of those. Folks use to come—
Ned: It was big!
Mama: Yeah, folks used to come here to go skiing and now they don’t, so all the hotels and resorts that we had opened are all more or less shuttered, and they’re all over on Resort Row. Problem is, there’s quite a few of them, so—
Aubrey: Well then it— Do you think that there’s a way, then, to— instead of us trying to find it, make it find us? Cause it seems to want something, right? Cause it showed up and went to the Hornet’s Nest, right, and attacked there. And then it also then followed that up by coming to the morgue, where the Hornets were. So this doesn’t seem like, you know, that first abomination that we fought just seemed like an animal, you know, rage, killing things. But this— this seems calculated? It seems like there’s some kinda steps playing.
Griffin: Barclay says,
Barclay: No, I’ve been thinking that too. It— this thing is— this thing is doing something. It’s not just attacking, it’s not just out for blood, it’s making moves. And I don’t think any of us know what those moves are leading to,
Aubrey: Huh.
Barclay: unless somebody else has been sort of paying closer attention than I have.
Duck: You know, I’m— I didn’t even tell you all this, it’s been a stressful time. But it has led— well, it led me and the Sheriff and Hollis out to the Archway. And they couldn’t see it, and whatever happened there, or I’m guessing probably didn’t happen, it disappointed this thing. Maybe it’s— maybe it’s trying to get through? I don’t— if it’s trying to get back to Sylvain? Is that possible?
Aubrey: Or maybe it’s trying to get other people over there. You know, because it led— it’s not like it didn’t know where the gate was, it led you there, right?
Duck: Right.
Aubrey: And it just seems like between getting the Hornets, who are basically a gang, and the police involved, it seemed like it was kind of making sure it was getting people involved who would get riled up and want revenge.
Griffin: Mama seems shook by that. She says—
Justin: Yeah.
Mama: Y’all realise that’s the— that’s the nightmare scenario, if that happens.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck:  You think it’s trying to start a fight?
Aubrey: Yeah. I think it might be trying to, I don’t know, destroy whatever the anonymity, the peace that comes with it, between Earth and Sylvain. Cause if you think about, like, it’s taken forms of things we know to make these attacks. It’s setting us up.
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: This is obviously, I think we’re in uncharted waters. We need to cross-reference this with what we’ve seen in the past. Ned, would you be a dear and go fetch the laptop off my desk from upstairs?
Ned: Oh, certainly! [clears throat] Um, yes, let me go to your— to your office! To get the laptop! Um, I’ll be right back! It may take me a little while, because I might have to make a restroom stop, but—
Mama: [crosstalk] All right. Gross.
Ned: [crosstalk] I will go to your office, which I assume is unlocked? I mean, not that it makes a difference, but, you know. It’s unlocked, right?
Mama: Hey, Ned?
Ned: Yes?
Mama: Why are you being so weird? [crosstalk] I just asked you to get my—
Ned: [crosstalk] N— not weird! I’m not being weird! No, not weird! Just, I’m excited— the Hunt! We’re in the Hunt! Ha ha ha! I’ll be right back.
Travis: And apparently, even though Ned has a rich history of stealing things, this is the first time he’s ever had to lie about it, apparently.
Justin: [crosstalk] Gets fuckin’ prom night jitters.
Travis: Well, he hasn’t stolen anything in a long time, and he’s worried. This is the—
Griffin: While—
Travis: —”Hi, it’s me, the meta-narrator again, trying to explain Dad’s weird choices.”
Griffin: Do the voice.
Travis: [in a slightly higher pitched, upper-class-British accent] It’s me, trying to explain Dad’s weird choices!
Griffin: I like it. While Ned is gone, Mama— uh, Barclay is— Barclay has a whiteboard that he’s trying to draw things, and he points to the words Green Bank Telescope, and he’s trying to connect where all these rifts go, and he says,
Barclay: Now, I get why it would be— have a rift behind the Hornet’s Nest, because it started some stuff there, and I get why it has one behind Amnesty Lodge, because that’s where it led people— why is it going to the Green Bank Telescope? What could it possibly want there?
Duck: I have a thought. Maybe it’s trying to start a war between us and aliens.
Justin: [hums a song] That’s the music that kicks in whenever one of us solves the mystery and we’re— and now we’re really in the thick of it.
Griffin: Barclay and Mama are just kind of staring at you.
Aubrey: Ok. Uh, it could be that. We’ll put that down as A.
Duck: You’re not— are you writing it?
Aubrey: Yup.
Duck: Up there?
Barclay: [crosstalk] Yeah, I’ll write it.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] A.
Duck: [crosstalk] A war with aliens.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Barclay takes it and writes A, colon, Aliens, question mark? And then in parentheses, I don’t know why Duck got on aliens, and then end parentheses.
Aubrey: But B., how about B.
Griffin: He writes B.
Aubrey: And it’s a government facility, right?
Barclay: Yeah.
Aubrey: I’m saying, if you wanted to start a war—
Barclay: This is getting a little Mars Attacks! for my taste. I tend to deal with sort of—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Duck said aliens! I didn’t say aliens!
Barclay: [voice raising slightly] Yeah, I know he said aliens! I’m dealing with local, like, werewolves and stuff! I can’t start talking about aliens starting a war with the government!
Aubrey: But I— no, I didn’t say aliens, I want to make it clear, I want it on the record, right next to B., Aubrey didn’t say aliens. Duck said aliens.
Barclay: All right.
Griffin: He writes that in parentheses. Let’s jump upstairs with Ned. Ned, you make it to Mama’s office. The door’s unlocked.
Clint: Ok. Ned walks in and gives the room a once over. He hasn’t really— doesn’t even really know what this sculpture looks like, does he?
Griffin: I think— you were shown a picture of it, right? It’s a wooden sculpture of a tree
Clint: [simultaneously] Of a tree.
Griffin: with a figure sitting under it. It’s called Shade Tree.
Clint: Right, by Madeleine Cobb, I remember that.
Griffin: Right.
Clint: Which is Mama’s real name.
Griffin: Yeah. You don’t see it. Like, it’s not sitting on the, you know, it’s not sitting on a shelf somewhere. It is not anywhere obvious. Also worth noting, the laptop is not on her desk. It is not sitting on top of her desk, which is what she said it was.
Travis: Hmm!
Clint: Was she just trying to get rid of Ned? Why did I ask that in Ned’s voice?
Travis: Did Ned just say that out loud? “Was she trying to get rid of Ned? Ned sad.”
Clint: Then I think it’s time for Ned to Investigate a Mystery.
Griffin: I almost think this would be a Read a Bad Situation, if anything, or possibly your Burglar Crooked thing, if you’re looking to—
Clint: I want to search the room, so whatever move is that one.
Griffin: Ok. If you want to search the room, I think Read a Bad Situation might be better. I think it might be a better roll than Investigate a Mystery. If you’re not actively stealing some shit, and instead you just want to look around, then this is the roll, is Read a Bad Situation.
Clint: All right. And he can add Cool to that, right?
Griffin: No, Sharp.
Clint: [sighs] That’s a 2.
Travis: [far from the microphone] Woooow.
Clint: So makes no difference what to add to it.
Griffin: That is a snake eyes.
Travis: It’s like it’s as bad as it could be!
Griffin: Ok. You see—
Clint: In this case, he’ll be directed to the exact opposite of where it is, which means he just has to turn around
Griffin: Nope!
Clint: and there it will be.
Griffin: You actually are walking around looking for something and you find a loose floorboard. It’s actually a few loose floorboards underneath your feet. They kind of creak and you can tell that there’s something strange there.
Clint: So that was a failure?
Griffin: I’m taking a hard move. Doesn’t mean you failed, it means I’m going to do something.
Clint: All right. Then Ned, using all of his burglary skills, raises the loose floorboards and peers within. [eerie music fades in]
Griffin: You do so, and there is a safe and— yeah, there’s a safe inside, and it has a dial lock, and you have seen and cracked this exact safe many times. It’s been a while, I assume, but throughout your career you had the touch, and so you know you can crack this thing, easy.
Clint: It’s the Waholtz 2500, I’ve seen it before.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: This is what— this is what Yul Brynner kept his black shirt from Magnificent Seven in when I stole that.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. All right—
Travis: Does Ned only steal things from famous people that Dad’s a fan of?
Clint: He’s a fan. [crosstalk] He’s a fan of Yul.
Griffin: [crosstalk] It’s weirdly— Yeah. What do you do?
Clint: All right. So, he opens the safe.
Griffin: Yeah, you could do it with your eyes closed. You open it, and there it is. You obviously you’re looking at it from the top down but you reach down and carefully remove Shade Tree, and it is as exquisitely carved as Boyd described. It is— the figure lying under the tree is so detailed, and the tree itself, like the gnarled bark and— the Gnarl Barkley of the tree [Travis and Clint laughing] and the grass the figure is laying in, it’s all so beautifully detailed, and you’re kind of mesmerised by how beautiful it is, and so much so that you don’t notice Dani walk into the room. [Travis gasps]
Griffin: And Dani says,
Dani: Uhhh, Ned? What’s going on?
Ned: [sighs] Well, I thought there was a laptop underneath this stupid sculpture, so I’m looking for Mama’s laptop. Sent me up here to get the laptop, and so I thought, well, where else to put it but in a safe? Cause you want to keep all your secrets safe, and you don’t want anybody to hack it and steal your stuff, so— And this sculpture was in there, and I was trying to look underneath it to see if the laptop was in there.
Dani: So...you came in here to find the laptop, and you ended up cracking Mama’s safe, thinking that that would be where the— why wouldn’t Mama come get the laptop, if it was that precious to her?
Ned: Well, she sent me— she sent me up to get it. She said, Ned! Go up to my study and get the laptop! I— you know, I— so I was hoping maybe you’d give me the same benefit of the doubt that, well, I gave you when the sheriff thought you had snuffed a bunch of guys down at the Hornet’s Nest.
Griffin: Is this a move? You’re trying to Manipulate Someone?
Clint: Yes, I am.
Griffin: It seems that— it seems that that is— what you are saying is what this action is, it seems like, if you’re trying to keep her from, you know—
Clint: I am trying to manipulate her, yes.
Griffin: Ok. Roll plus Charm.
Clint: That is a 7, and Charm, 1. So that’s an 8.
Griffin: Ok. They will do it, but only if you do something for them right now to show that you mean it. Uh, gosh. I don’t know how you would show that you aren’t going to rat Dani out to, you know, the Sheriff. I mean, that’s what it is. She says,
Dani: Ok, that’s kind of weird. Um, hey, I know you got called down to the Sheriff’s office to, you know, I guess clue him in on some of the stuff that we do around here— or rather, I guess you guys do around here. You didn’t happen to tell him about me, did you?
Ned: Dani, I believe in you. I would never betray a friend. I consider us friends, we’re friends, right? [slight pause] Yes, of course we are! And I would never betray a friend, a stalwart of mine, a companion. We are united! We are colleagues in this battle against evil! And I know that you would never betray me, so of course I did not betray you, my good and faithful friend.
Dani: You’re being super weird today.
Griffin: She says, and—
Ned: I am always super weird, Dani! [crosstalk] Do you not know me at all?
Dani: [crosstalk] Fair. Fair, fair, fair.
Griffin: And she walks out of the room, kind of backstepping, actually, looking at you sort of awkwardly, and— what’s the word I’m looking for? Suspiciously.
Travis: Mmhmm. Yes.
Griffin: Ned, what’s your plan here, I guess I should ask? Are you— what’s your plan here? You’ve got the thing, you are in Mama’s office, which is, you know— you’re still in the— still inside Amnesty Lodge. You have not completed the burglary in the sense that you haven’t sort of absconded with this thing yet.
Clint: Right. And it’s not like he can walk arou— I’d say he probably goes out the window.
Griffin: Ok.
Clint: Because he doesn’t want to be lugging this thing around, he doesn’t want anybody to see him with it. I say he gives a cursory look in the safe to see if the laptop was in there—
Griffin: It is not. The— in fact, I will say with your burglary senses, that you use to find this thing, even with the failed roll, you know that the laptop’s not in this room, it’s just gone.
Clint: Well that’s— that’s weird.
Griffin: Yeah, man.
Clint: So here’s what I suggest. Ned is going to go out the window
Griffin: Kay.
Clint: and take the tree immediately to Boyd, and he’ll concoct some kind of story later about why he didn’t come back. Maybe he, you know, thought he saw somebody and thought they had taken the laptop, so he went in pursuit of them.
Griffin: That sounds good to me. I would believe that, but I’m your son.
Clint: Well, you’re a good son.
Griffin: Thank you.
Clint: You’re a good son. So that’s what Ned’s gonna do.
Griffin: At this point, Ned’s been gone for a while, for everybody else who’s still down in the cellar. And Mama’s looking kind of concerned, and she sends Barclay upstairs to try and find him and— I’m guessing you covered your tracks, Ned? Like you closed the safe, you weren’t that shitty at this?
Clint: Professional thief, okay? Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Barclay comes back downstairs and says,
Barclay: I— Ned’s not anywhere. I don’t see Ned anywhere. I don’t see the laptop anywhere, either, Mama, are you sure you left it up in the office? [brief silence]
Griffin: And Mama— oh, I forgot I was Mama. [Travis, Justin, and Clint laughing]
Justin: Well, Mama? Mama??
Travis: Mama? Oh god, she’s gone!
Griffin: She has a blank expression. She says,
Mama: Well, no, it’s definitely up in the office— where’s Ned go? Did he fall in? What’s going on?
Griffin: And Barclay says,
Barclay: No, he’s not— he’s just— he’s nowhere, so—
Aubrey: You checked all the bathrooms?
Barclay: We only have the one bathroom, and yeah, he wasn’t in there, so...
Aubrey: Huh.
Duck: What about his— what about the one secret bathroom downstairs in the basement that he likes to use when he’s truly going to destroy stuff? [Travis laughing quietly in the background]
Barclay: Um—
Duck: Did you check his secret— the secret bathroom?
Barclay: I didn’t.
Duck: It’s the one that says “Danger Hazardous Chemicals” on the door but he wrote the sign.
Barclay: Ok.
Aubrey: Yeah. Go check it, we’ll wait.
Barclay: Uh, yeah, ok.
Duck: I’ll che— yeah, I’ll check it. [pause] Nope!
Aubrey: No, he’s not in there.
Duck: He’s not there either. [Clint laughing]
Aubrey: You were gone for twenty minutes!
Duck: I was gone for twenty minutes. There was a lock on the door.
Aubrey: Huh.
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: Well, why would Ned take the laptop?
Duck: You know, maybe he had... Oh. Taxes. Tax season.
Aubrey: Uh huh.
Duck: You know. He had to balance the books.
Aubrey: You know—
Duck: Shit, I don’t know, man, I don’t know.
Aubrey: Maybe he was getting the laptop, and saw the monster, and he had to go.
Duck: Maybe he had to go cause he saw the monster and he fled. Or— aw, shit.
Aubrey: What?
Duck: What if the monster created a rift and snatched him again?
Aubrey: Shit. He’s gonna be pissed.
Duck: He’s gonna be so pissed. And I’m pissed, because we were about to crack that alien thing wide open with that laptop info.
Aubrey: [sighs] Should we look for Ned? Like— I mean, I’m of course worried about Ned, where is Ned? But should we look for Ned?
Duck: Y’all, keep looking around for him here. I’m sure he’s not— I don’t know where he would be, he’s—
Aubrey: Maybe he’s curled up taking a nap in the walk-in freezer again?
Duck: He probably just forgot and decided to take a nap in the freezer. Tell you what, why don’t you all here keep looking around for him, I’m not going to waste any more time, I’m going to— I had a vision. I don’t know if I told y’all— yeah, I think I did, about Leo dying near the telescope—
Griffin: Barclay points to “Dead Leo” that he’s had circled on the whiteboard.
Barclay: Yeah, see, it’s up here on the whiteboard.
Duck: Yeah. Excellent. You— oh, you brushed up against the whiteboard and erased the aliens part. If you could just get that back up there, I’d appreciate it.
Barclay: [sighs heavily] Ugh.
Duck: And I’m gonna go talk to him, maybe he’ll have some insight. He’s been at this a long time, maybe there’s something, I don’t know, maybe he can shed a little light.
Aubrey: Okay. Let’s ignore aliens, and telescope for a minute—
Duck: At your peril.
Aubrey: Okay. And maybe we should check—
Duck: [under his breath] That’s exactly what they want.
Aubrey: Okay. And maybe we should check with Sylvain to see if there’s any kind of, I don’t know, rogue person, like an agent person? That they know about, or they know anything about— I don’t know. I’ll go talk to Janelle.
Duck: Let’s try it and then maybe you and I can poke around those— [begins coughing]
Mama: Oh my god, you okay?
Duck: Let me get— let me get my inhaler.
Mama: It’s all this smoke, it’s all this pipe smoke, why are we doing this? It’s real bad for us. [inhaler noise]
Aubrey: And that’s when they wondered why they were smoking their pipes!
Duck: After we do that, let’s go poke around those hotels, see if we can find anything.
Aubrey: Great. And, you know what, ask Leo to come, maybe Pigeon? We’ll see if Pigeon wants to come help out?
Duck: Yeah, that makes sense, more people, cover more space.
Aubrey: More people, more poking, that’s what I always say. [Amnesty theme fades in]
Duck: [skeptically] More people, more poking?
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Poking around, we’ll poke around, cause we’ll poke around!
Barclay: [crosstalk] That is the worst, that is just horrible.
Justin: All right, I’m— Duck’s walking out of the room. [Ad break]
Griffin: Let’s do Leo’s scene first with you— actually, it’s Duck’s scene, feat. Leo.
Justin: Thank you, yes.
Griffin: You find him at Leo’s grocery store. Leo’s Place. I forget, it’s been a while since a Pizza Hut destroyed it. Since Big Pizza Hut came for my small business. And he’s recently sort of reopened it, after rebuilding it, and he is pretty much basically recreated the winning formula that made up the original Leo’s Grocery Store. You find him there as...who’s walking out of the store? Who’s checking out as— let’s say Muffy and Winthrop are buying some groceries there, and Winthrop says,
Winthrop: I really wish they’d get a Trader Joe’s in here!
Griffin: And Muffy kind of nods snootily and takes her non-Trader Joe’s groceries and walks out.
Winthrop: Good day to you, sir! You’re in my way!
Duck: Yeah, excuse me, Winthrop. All apologies.
Winthrop: Maybe later you could help me put snow tires on my Bugatti!
Duck: All right, Winthrop. All right. Hey, you’d better head out, I think the Wells Fargo Wagon is coming down the street.
Griffin: Muffy says,
Muffy: Winthrop, he’s making fun of your name!
Winthrop: [to Duck] I’m intimidated by you physically!
Griffin: And then they walk out.
Duck: All right. Keep walkin’!
Travis: And then Winthrop comes back and kills you. “What did you say??”
Justin: Cause I’m fuckin’ mortal.
Griffin: Leo—
Travis: [laughing] “What did you fucking say to me??”
Griffin: Leo says,
Leo: You got some beef there with our local sort of moneybags?
Duck: I get along with everybody, I figured I gotta have someone to blow off steam with, you know?
Leo: Yeah, that’s fair. Uh, how’s it been going, Duck? Haven’t seen you in a while. How’s the hunt this time?
Duck: Yeah, it’s— it’s a tough one, honestly, Leo. It’s— I don’t feel like I’m any fucking closer, I’ll be honest. And this thing, it’s not— lot of these things just been out for blood, or to fuck shit up, but this one feels smarter. [sighs] I had a— I had a vision, and I shoulda told you about it before, but honestly I didn’t want to freak you out.
Griffin: He looks— he looks shocked when you say that.
Leo: What was— what was in your vision?
Duck: Well, you, uh, were at the telescope. And you were, uh...there’s not a pretty way to say— you were dying. And I was there, so you weren’t alone, that’s huge. Kind of a positive there. But now we’ve— this thing has been there once. It made a rift, or something, and travelled there, so it’s got some sort of interest in the telescope, and I— I’ll be damned if I have one single clue what it wants.
Griffin: He— he turns around and reaches up to a shelf where just, like, cartons of cigarettes are kept for sale, and he pulls down a pack of Camels and lights one up, and he says,
Leo: [inhales] You know, funny thing, Duck. You lost your powers, obviously, when Minerva’s link to us got severed, and I haven’t had those powers in some time. And yet, I was asleep the other night and I had that same vision of me in your arms, you cradling me, looking like a real nurturer, Duck, and I was
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: I was dying, and then the thing shot a laser beam up, which I don’t think that’s what it’s built to do, so I thought that was—
Duck: No.
Leo: So yeah, same vision of me dying in your arms, Duck, and that’s— I’ve gotta say, not the best. Not the best vision that I have had so far.
Duck: You gonna offer me one of those things?
Leo: No, Duck, cause I know how hard you’ve been trying to quit, I’ve been your neighbor for a while, I’m not gonna make you fall off the monkey’s back or whatever the saying is.
Justin: I can’t believe you would take that sort of agency away from me, Griffin, from my character, to make that decision.
Griffin: Ok, here, here, here.
Leo: Yeah, here’s your cigarette, then.
Duck: Nah, thank you, I got asthma, what’s wrong with you?
Leo: That’s some fucking—
Duck: I’ve had asthma— I’ve had asthma ever since I lost my powers.
Leo: Oh, dang, that’s a shame.
Duck: I had it before—
Leo: Yeah.
Duck: I got my powers—
Leo: Yeah.
Duck: Lost it—
Leo: Yeah.
Duck: Now it’s fuckin’ back, I got asthma again. That’s where I’m at.
Leo: Right. And I sympathise with you, but I’m gonna die pretty soon, it seems like, so...
Duck: Me too, if there’s any fuckin’ particulate in the air!
Leo: Duck, I know you’re tryin to make me laugh but we had a dream that I’m going to die, and these dreams that we have, they have a tendency to come true, always. So, I guess you and I are taking a road trip up to the Green Bank Telescope to go face our destiny together. Right? Like, I can’t just like lock myself in the— you know, the freezer here, and—
Travis: And take a nap.
Leo: Take a nap, like I would— no matter what happens, no matter what— I could go get on a fuckin’ plane, and, you know, catch a flight down to Rio and I would still somehow be at that telescope at that time in your arms dying. So, I’m— I don’t know about you, but I just kinda— let’s just get it over with, right? Let’s just get it done.
Duck: Nah, no way, man. No way. No way! You're the closest thing I got to a, you know, a mentor now with Minerva gone. You're like a, well, like an uncle or something to me. I was gonna say dad, that seems ridiculous, but, you know, like a cool uncle that has a sword, to me. And I’m not gonna let you risk your life that way. I didn't have a vision about me beefing it, it’s about you. I’ll just go and I don't know, see what I can find.
Griffin: He... sighs and says,
Leo: You’d do that for me? You'd go do this thing alone, whatever it is, without me being there. You'd do that for me, Duck?
Duck: I mean, I’ll go there [music starts], if I see anything scary I’m probably gonna get back in my car and leave. But, like, I’ll go poke around. I just don't want you getting anywhere near it.
Griffin: He smiles and he says-- and he puts the cigarette out and he says,
Leo: Alright, Duck, you don't have to worry about that. It's a deal.
Griffin: Aubrey, you now are heading to Sylvain. Are you going to talk to Janelle specifically or did you have other sort of business? [crosstalk]
Travis: I mean, yeah, I feel like at this point, I feel like there are very few people that Aubrey either knows, let alone trusts over in Sylvain. So I feel like Janelle has been a pretty solid connection-- [crosstalk]
Griffin: Okay, I mean, Vincent has been friendly enough to you-- [crosstalk]
Travis: Yeah, yeah, it might be worth it— [crosstalk]
Griffin: He has requested DVDs every time you come and I don't know if you've been delivering those, if you've been breaking his heart.
Travis: Yes, absolutely. Absolutely! Did he request specific shows?
Griffin: Uh, no, he just wanted to see some earth movies. He likes earth pop culture and we don't go to Sylvain that often, so we haven't followed up on that, so I don't know if you brought him DVDs [crosstalk]
Travis: I just brought him, like, a special DVD edition of The Thin Man.
Griffin: The Thin Man?
Travis: Yeah, I think he’d really like it.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: It's a pretty funny mystery.
Griffin: He greets you at the gate [crosstalk]
Travis: It's classic.
Griffin: He greets you at the gate into the castle and says
Vincent: [bleats] I’ll have to check this one out. Sorry for bleating, I know that's kind of rude.
Aubrey: That's okay. You’re gonna love it, it's funny but also dramatic. It's a murder mystery but hilarious and everybody’s drunk in it all the time!
Vincent: Seems great. Do you want your--
Griffin: and he hands you a DVD case
Vincent: and here's your copy of Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo back.
Travis: All the classics.
Vincent: Didn't care for this one.
Aubrey: No, it's absolute garbage. That's why I wanted to give you a taste of this garbage before I handed you maybe one of the best films of all time.
Vincent: Right, is that a goat joke?
Aubrey: ... No.
Vincent: Okay. Alright, well, I’ll check it out, then. Thanks as always, Aubrey.
Griffin: And he opens the gate.
Aubrey: Yeah, you’re gonna love this one, it’s the greatest of all time. It’s so good.
Vincent: Now that's another goat joke. Okay, that one, I actually liked a lot.
Aubrey: Okay, good.
Vincent: Head on in.
Aubrey: Uh, real quick, you're the kind of law enforcement person here, right?
Vincent: Yeah, you could say that.
Aubrey: We're dealing with an abomination over there that seems to be kinda have an agenda, which is kinda different from what we've seen before. And so I thought it might be worth it to ask you, did you, like, I don't know, exile anyone that could, like, shapeshift recently or something?
Vincent: Shapeshift-- I mean, we've exiled people, certainly, and there are certainly people who've left of their own accord and, you know-- I-- we don't usually talk about this over here, it's somewhat taboo. But I know that Mama is giving refuge to those who have left our world for yours and those who have wandered outside the gates of the city have been taken over by the Quell. So I'm pretty sure all of our refugees are accounted for and if they weren't, I cannot think of one that could change their shape.
Aubrey: They kinda change their shape with, like, swirls of light.
Vincent: Yeah, that doesn't [crosstalk]
Aubrey: Ring any bell? No?
Vincent: So sorry, yeah, maybe it's just, I'm still in a fog from Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo.
Aubrey: Not another murder. Not another life lost because of Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo. I-- too much harm has been caused by that movie. I'm so sorry, I hope that you're able to recover.
Vincent: I'll do my best.
Justin: What's he hiding? Keep digging, Trav.
Aubrey: Hey, maybe I gotta get rough with you.
Justin: Hell yes!
Aubrey: You’ll get it, it's in the movie, okay bye!
Griffin: Let's just, like, hop into your conversation with Janelle. No-- cut the bullshit, cut the small talk--
Travis: Whoa, okay!
Griffin: Well, as always, I think she wants to know, like, how your powers are coming, how much you're telling her, sort of in that regard before we get to, like, your questions.
Travis: She knows everything—
Aubrey: I made a ghost, Janelle!
Griffin: Right.
Aubrey: A ghost!
Griffin: Janelle says
Janelle: And-- okay. That's not--
Aubrey: I made a ghost!
Janelle: Yeah, that's not possible, Aubrey.
Aubrey: No-- that's what you say but I did it!
Janelle: Aubrey, only Sylvans who perish in the light of the crystal
Aubrey: Right.
Janelle: are able to experience second life.
Aubrey: Uh huh.
Janelle: You— I— I can’t— I cannot understand how this is possible, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Okay. But it’s real! Like, I— I— if you don’t know, how do I know? You know? I kind of— I thought I would say, I made a ghost! And you would say, Aw, cool, level three! Or something, I don’t know!
Janelle: It’s not level three, Aubrey, this is something that—
Aubrey: Level four?
Janelle: Only the Light of Sylvain— level infinity, could possible accomp— tell me how you did this. How did it happen?
Aubrey: Uh, I used a luck point? Cause I rolled really bad at first.
Janelle: Right. Right, it happens to the best of us.
Aubrey: So I asked— I asked the magic to save his life, and rather than save his corporeal form, I guess it saved, you know, his spirit— his spectre, excuse me. And now he’s a spectre! Just chilling out. He ate a donut earlier, and it got stuck in his tummy, [crosstalk] and it was gross, but also very cool.
Janelle: [crosstalk] Rookie mistake, yeah.
Aubrey: Yes, you can’t do that.
Janelle: You mentioned that you saw a— a person when you were doing this that helped you?
Aubrey: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Janelle: This— Aubrey, this is not like any spell I’ve ever cast before, and I’ve cast, I’m thinking, all of them.
Aubrey: Uh huh.
Janelle: So only Sylvain is able to bring people back from the dead. Is it possible that you are somehow communicating with her? Because only the Interpreter is supposed to be able to communicate with Sylvain.
Aubrey: With— with the planet?
Janelle: With the essence of the planet, yes.
Aubrey: So, um. I mean, I asked the plan— I asked the magic, the planet, the magic planet, to do the magic.
Janelle: That’s different. I do that all the time. I have never seen the planet personified, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Oh.
Janelle: I have never been touched physically by the planet.
Aubrey: Oh. Um, yeah, I mean, I guess it’s possible I’m doing that. Is that bad?
Griffin: She sits back in her seat and sighs. She says,
Janelle: It’s not bad, Aubrey, it just— it breaks with millennia of tradition. So that’s something peculiar. And this—
Aubrey: Tradition. [raspberry sound] Thbptbth.
Janelle: And this book, Aubrey, this book—
Aubrey: Yes.
Janelle: You say that you just happened to find in the woods?
Griffin: You’re still hiding the fact that Dani had it? That was something you established a long time ago, I’m not sure if you—
Travis: I mean, here’s the thing, I’ve— I’ve told Janelle way worse shit.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay.
Travis: Dani doesn’t know where she got it. Yeah, she just woke up and had it, but—
Griffin: Okay. She says,
Janelle: I’ve never seen anything like this before, either.
Griffin: She flips through it and lands on that same page that you saw with the mountain with smoke coming off of it, and she says,
Janelle: This— this book describes a spell the likes— and it’s— it’s— this language, it’s old, old Sylvan, I can’t— I know some of— this word means “sacrifice” or “transaction,” I can try and decipher it, but it’ll take me—
Aubrey: Please do, because one of those is way worse than the other one!
Janelle: Yes, I—
Aubrey: One of those is like, somebody dies, the other one is like you buy some coffee!
Janelle: [distractedly] Yeah. Yes.
Griffin: She’s looking over it now, and is kind of just lost in thought.
Aubrey: So should I just stay here? And wait?
Janelle: Oh! So I’m— I’m sorry, did you have any other questions, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Uh, let’s see...Oh, one last one. I’ve been researching a very big spell to try to cure the brain of a friend of mine. Any advice? Anything you got?
Janelle: I mean, what is the— what are they suffering from? Is it lesions? Is it—
Aubrey: Well...[high pitched hedging noises] Uh, I think he’s, uh, infecte— not, like, physically infected, but he’s kind of gone animalistic...And a little bit—
Janelle: Is it the Quell?
Aubrey: Ye— sure. Yeah.
Griffin: She looks back down at her book and is kind of ignoring you, and she says,
Janelle: Yeah, if you find a solution to that one, Aubrey, you make sure to let me know.
Aubrey: Well, shit! Hey, Janelle? Real quick— I’ll let you get back to the book, but that’s oh-for-three! How did I turn into a ghost? What is this book? How do I help my friend? I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know.
Janelle: Yeah, Aubrey, I don’t want to— I’m not going to sugar coat your situation. I know most things, and you are outside the scope of that. So I’m going to try and look, but I— knowledge is not just instantly granted to you, you have to search for it, so I— it will take some time.
Aubrey: Okay. Whi— here’s for extra credit, okay? Shape changing with swirling light. That do anything for you?
Janelle: Absolutely nothing.
Aubrey: Cool. Great. Janelle, so great catching up.
Janelle: Why don’t you come back— come back tomorrow,
Aubrey: Okay.
Janelle: and I will— I will let you know if I’ve found anything.
Aubrey: Okay. I’ll see if I can, I don’t know, talk to the essence of the planet any more and let you know what she says. [music fades in]
Janelle: Mm hmm.
Griffin: She’s still reading the book.
Aubrey: Okay. Byeee. [music fades out]
Griffin: You find Boyd in— I think he probably gave you a note on where to find him, and it’s this— it’s that motel that I mentioned earlier, by the river. I didn’t think of a name for it, I usually am more on top of it. Who can come up with a name for a nasty, stinky hotel the fastest?
Justin: The Count Gilu, G-I-L-U, Motel.
Griffin: Why is that— what does that mean?
Justin: It’s a motel in Welch, West Virginia that I stayed at one time.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Justin: It wasn’t that nasty, it was nice, but it just had a wild name.
Griffin: Okay, well this is the Count Gilu Motel in Kepler, and it’s—
Travis: Count Gilu 2, it’s a chain now.
Justin: How about it’s the Count Gilu Hotel?
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And they didn’t— it’s not sanctioned by the original owners.
Griffin: Okay—
Clint: [crosstalk] The original Count Gilu—
Travis: [crosstalk] There’s an ongoing litigation.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay, Count Gilu has been tried for war crimes, and so they don’t love the name, but he’s— it’s still the Count Gilu Hotel, and maybe it’s nice. Maybe it’s not a shitty hotel by the river. Maybe it’s a decent hotel by the river.
Clint: [crosstalk] But it’s not.
Travis: [crosstalk] Full of hard-working people.
Griffin: And you go to Boyd’s room, and he opens the door and takes a peek outside, just to make sure you haven’t brought anybody else to rough him up, and he welcomes you inside. And he says—
Ned: Oh shit, I didn’t think of that option. Dammit, I’ve got a sorceress and a guy with a belt sword! Shit!
Boyd: Um— oh—
Ned: Oh, hello, Boyd!
Boyd: Yeah— you have a sorceress and a— a guy with a belt sword?
Ned: Just talking out loud! Just talking out loud, I’m rehearsing for Saturday Night Dead. That’s some of the witty banter that I had planned. We’re showing The Gingerdead Man, from 2006, with Gary Busey. Ever see it? It’s terrible. Horrible. Anyway—
Boyd: Ned, you know I—
Ned: So where’s my stuff?
Boyd: I don’t share your— your penchant for crappy horror films.
Ned: Oh good, then you can’t double check my facts. Ok! Where’s my stuff?
Boyd: Where is my stuff, Ned?
Ned: I will present it to you when I see my stuff.
Boyd: I can already tell that this is going to be very exhausting.
Griffin: And he sits down on the bed at the— just like the foot of it, and he says,
Boyd: Why don’t we do this? Why don’t you show me my stuff so you can prove that you have it, and then I will show you my— the thing that I took from you. It’s all— it’s all your stuff, but I have some of it, and you show me what you brought to me and I will show you your stuff.
Ned: I assume you have some kind of container, like a trunk, or a big ol’ Hefty bag, or something holding my stuff?
Boyd: I have a box that is holding your stuff, yes.
Ned: Okay. Well here’s what we do. You show me the bag with the stuff in it—
Boyd: [muffled] Oh my god, Ned.
Ned: No, no, no, no, no, and then just— I will point to you outside where your stuff is. It’s locked up in my Cryptonomica van.
Griffin: Okay, this is for sure a Convince Somebody, right? Like, you are for sure— or Manipulate Someone. This is— this— if this is not a Manipulate Someone, I do not know what is. This sort of verbal wrestling match.
Clint: That is a 9, plus whatever it is I add.
Griffin: Your charm.
Clint: I add my Charm, which is 1, so that’s a 10.
Griffin: Okay!
Ned: Boyd Mosche.
Griffin: They will do it for the reason you gave them. He sighs, and he says,
Boyd: Okay, I actually have a boat to catch, so here is your stuff.
Griffin: And he reaches in his pocket and he pulls out a key that is attached to a fob, and it is a key for a safety deposit box at the First Bank of Kepler. He says,
Boyd: I’m not going to keep all my stuff on hand, or else you could have just come here, killed me, and taken it from the—
Ned: I know, I thought of that a few minutes ago, damn it!
Boyd: Yes, but everything you need is in Box 454 at the First Bank of Kepler. So you’ll find—
Ned: Well then I say we— let’s go down and get it—
Boyd: Ned, I need to go, I need you to give me Shade Tree. That was the deal.
Ned: What if I were to give you something worth more than Shade Tree?
Griffin: He stands—
Ned: In exchange— in exchange for the fob, now hear me out—
Boyd: What— what are you—
Ned: Hear me out.
Boyd: What do you have that’s— okay.
Ned: Your— what is your number one goal, Boyd? It’s to hurt me, and to get out of here. Number one and number two goals, right? You want to escape, correct?
Boyd: Yes.
Ned: Is that more important to you than money right now?
Boyd: No.
Ned: My suggestion— I will give you that beautiful van out there, loaded up— it looks like a food truck, but it is loaded with surveillance equipment, police scanners, all kinds of things to help you evade capture. I will give that to you lock stock and barrel if you give me back one of the items that you stole from me. I don’t care about the Clooney Oscar— well, I do care about the Clooney Oscar. I don’t care about the Wright Brothers’ patent— I do a little bit. But if you give me back the pendant, I will give you the key to that amazing vehicle out there. Gets great gas mileage, very comfortable—
Boyd: Okay, okay, okay. I— first of all, I’m moving back to London, and the wheel will be on the wrong side. So that’s the first problem with the plan. The second problem is that the Shade Tree is valued at a high six figures, and I’m pretty sure I could go buy my own garbage bus with that amount of money. [Justin wheezing]
Ned: Loaded with high tech surveillance equipment?
Boyd: I don’t need high tech surveillance equipment! I need to not be caught by high tech surveillance equipment, but— no, Ned, we had a deal. And you are betraying the nature of the deal.
Griffin: And he stands up and I think now you remember how— what a big fuckin’ guy Boyd— you established that he is a big, sort of fit dude, and I think he is— he is definitely trying to sort of threaten you with his size. And he— he puts the key back in his pocket. He says,
Boyd: Ned, if you’re not going to hold up your end of the deal, I’m not going to hold up mine.
Griffin: I think he’s standing over you, trying to be imposing. And then he starts coughing [coughs heavily] and he’s— it’s actually kind of heavy, and he pulls his hand away and he’s got a little bit of blood that he just kind of quickly wipes off with his pants. [Travis gasps] And he says,
Boyd: Ned, we’re at an impasse, and unless you can think of a solution, then I’m just going to take my leave with all of your things, and fence them overseas.
Ned: Wai— whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Boyd, look at me. What is the deal with the blood and the coughing and the sick?
Boyd: It’s not your business, Ned, it’s a lung infection, I am going overseas to convalesce, if you must know. And that is— I am eager to get away from this country that has not been especially nice to me. I just need the means to do so, Ned. If you've ever held any affection for me at all, take the key. It will unlock the box that has all of your things at the bank. Give me Shade Tree so that I can just— so I can leave, Ned, please.
Ned: All right.
Clint: Ned goes out to the Crepes-by-Monica van and gets Shade Tree and brings it back and hands it to Boyd.
Ned: I do this on one condition.
Boyd: Uh, shoot.
Ned: I will never, ever see or hear from you again.
Griffin: He takes you— he puts an arm around your shoulder and maybe you feel like  a flash of just— this is how it was, for a while. And he walks you outside and hands you the key, and he says,
Boyd: Ned, I can guarantee that. [music fades in]
Griffin: And he shuts the door. And then we see, as the door sort of shuts and see Ned sort of walk away, we see Boyd look down at the dingy carpet. He is wearing just this calm expressionless demeanor and then he coughs again, and there’s some more blood that he looks at kind of curiously. And then he sticks a finger in his mouth and rubs the inside of his cheek, and he just pulls out this massive tissue that he just flings to the floor dispassionately. And then he strides over to the closet in this hotel room and he throws the door open and he inspects its contents thoroughly before he walks away and vanishes into a rift in the fabric of reality. And on the floor of the closet lays a body. Its neck is snapped and its eyes are vacant. It’s the body of Boyd Mosche. [music fades out]
