Griffin: Hey everybody, this is Griffin. So, this is gonna be kind of a weird episode, and I wanted to give you a heads up about it, sort of explain why we made it the way that we made it. If you’ve been listening to the show for a while you probably realize that the last couple arcs of Amnesty have been a lot more collaborative in terms of like, figuring out where the whole thing is going. I’ve been fairly open about how I don’t have this big structured plan like I had for Balance, and that’s been very exciting for me and I know it has been for the boys too. And, in setting the stage for the finale, we all kinda decided that we wanted to make that last little bit of worldbuilding also fairly collaborative before we throw all the characters in and, y’know, see how they fare. And it’s still kinda up to me to form the adventure, if you will, of that final arc, based on the decisions that the boys have made about their characters and how they’ve responded to the events of the last episode, and so it’s not just like we’re fully scripting the whole thing out, rather we’re just sort of... setting the stage I think is the best way to put it. In talking about it we decided that it would be very helpful not just for all of us, but for all of you, or if you’ve fallen off the show for a while and are just getting back into it, to have a bit of a primer for everything that you need to know about the world before we go into the last handful of episodes of TAZ Amnesty. And instead of just doing a ‘The The Adventure Zone Zone’ where I just like, barrel down the camera and tell you everything that’s happened in the story, we wanted to do something a little bit more... weird than that. So this episode, it features some clips from past episodes of like, pertinent data, that you need to have as we go into the finale. But there is also some new stuff in there, some scenes that are... I would say semi-scripted, semi-improvised, that give some detail on how Kepler has changed after the collapse of the mountain. No big decisions were made behind the scenes, I would say. It is mostly vague hints about where the characters are in the convening months after the collapse, and so I don’t feel guilty, like we should have, “oh man, we should have rolled for that.” This episode is partially scripted, some scenes giving some new details about the world, and what is going to set up the events of the finale. And a lot of it is also details that you need to know about some of the big mysteries that we have in the world, moving forward. We have a guest performer Hal Lublin, a friend of the show from We Got This. We came up with this idea like four days ago. It’s been a real rushed job trying to put it together and we’ve been excited to make it, and Hal managed to get us his audio within the span of, like, a few hours, which is pretty remarkable, so, thank you to Hal. And yeah, that’s it, I will come back in the break to talk to you again and then in two weeks we will have the first episode of the final arc of TAZ Amnesty, so I hope that this tells you everything you need to know before we get to that point. Yeah! Here it goes. [Griffin’s intro ends]
Agent Haynes: Miss Cobb? Brought you a coffee. Agent Stern tipped me off— cream, no sugar, right? Right. Well, I guess I’m talking for the both of us. My name is agent Haynes. I was transferred down from Central last night. Beautiful country out here. So... [clears throat] Your friends call you ’Mama’, and I’m guessing I’m pretty far from being considered a friend, so, Miss Cobb, I know you’ve been a guest of the department of unexplained phenomena for several weeks now, and I understand you’ve been somewhat... recalcitrant. I was brought in because I excel at helping people be more helpful. I can appreciate your situation, I can, Miss Cobb, you have a secret you feel like could shatter the world if it got out. Let me assure you it’s out. An extraterrestrial entity tore the top of your mountain and sent it tumbling through town. Many of your residents saw one of these beings with their own eyes. Saw your associate corralling it back to your inn. You’ve been here a while, so maybe you’re not aware. Amnesty Lodge is closed for business. In fact, the whole topside of town is under lock and key. Wherever you’re hiding, whatever you know about the archway, about what happened to Mt. Kepler, about the entities you were providing safe haven to... It’s only a matter of time before we figure it out. Or, you could just tell me, right now. You could explain to me why you designated yourself the sole warden of planet Earth, and I can expedite your release so fast you could take that coffee to go, still hot!
Mama: I’ll tell you what I told everyone else. You answer me one question and I’ll tell you what you wanna know. What happened to all my guests at Amnesty Lodge?
Agent Haynes: [distant] Turn off the feeds. [Back to Mama] Look, we don’t know. The inn was stripped clean by the time the FBI arrived. I mean, we found the bat cave you had going on in the cellar, but nobody was there.
Mama: Well, alright then. Alright, yeah, I’ve been keeping this a secret for a few decades now. And Haynes, it’s got me real tired. So, it was about a year ago now that things started to change. You know what, I’ll give you the usual spiel. [from past episodes start]
Mama: [From episode 2] There’s another world, one that is connected to our own. And that connection, it’s popped up in so many places around the world throughout time, and right now it’s here in Kepler. And this other world, Aubrey, it’s an incredible place and a dangerous place, and us humans have been crossin’ over into it for, well, as long as we’ve been around, I guess, and we’ve been bringin’ back stories and folktales, which, surprise! They’re mostly true. But—but that connection, Aubrey, it ain’t a one-way thing. They’ve been crossin’ over too.
Griffin: And Mama looks at the guests in this lobby and she nods. And they look kinda nervous for a second, but then one by one they stand up, and they start undoing different accessories some bracelets, necklaces, a couple of them slip off rings that they’re wearing, and one by one they transform. The two guests seated at the chessboard grow in stature, and grow these thick layers of fur surrounding them, and suddenly they’re just werewolves. The guest that was dusting the piano turns transparent and spectral. And Dani’s skin starts glowing slightly, and her eyes turn this dark orange, and her teeth become long and pointed, and you are suddenly standing in this lobby with a bunch of monsters.
Aubrey: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: You okay? You all right? I know this is a lot.
Aubrey: Yeah, no, I’ve watched movies and TV shows before, so this actually isn’t as surprising as you might think.
Griffin: She kinda laughs and says,
Mama: Most people don’t take this as well, so I’m glad that you are, listen—
Aubrey: Well, it’s one of those things where I’ve always, you know, no matter how skeptical you are about, like, sci-fi and fantasy stuff. There’s also always a part of your mind that’s like “but maaaybe,” and so, this is one of those things where it’s like yeah, okay. Yeah, sure. Sure sure sure.
Griffin: She says,
Mama: [From episode 3] So, that’s the truth of the matter. Monsters are real. But as is the case with so many of life’s profound curiosities, well, there’s a lot more to it than just that.
Mama: Now there’s somethin’ I need to show you, but before we do anything else Aubrey I need you to swear on your life that you’re not gonna tell another soul about what you learned tonight. Can you do that? I’m not, I don’t want you to take this lightly, this is like, end of the world-level secret. I need your absolute discretion on this.
Aubrey: Mama, not only do I swear on my life, I swear on the life of Dr. Harris Bonkers, PhD.
Clint: Whoa.
Griffin: Is Dr. Harris Bonkers with you? Is Dr. Harris Bonkers always with you?
Travis: Do you mean like, spiritually?
Griffin: And physically.
Travis: Oh, um, yeah. You know the term I’ve been thinking about a lot, and I think Aubrey has, now that she has done real magic, is “Familiar.”
Griffin: Yes yes yes yes yes yes.
Travis: Okay. But I think maybe for this, I think just because it’s dangerous maybe she left Dr. Harris Bonkers with Dani.
Griffin: Okay. Mama says,
Mama: I don’t mean to scare you, Aubrey. It’s just, can you imagine what would happen if the wrong people learned about a place full of magic and monsters? And everything? What they might do to take advantage of that kinda power, to own it? I have to—
Aubrey: Mama, let me reassure you right now. I can make fire with my mind? I’m not really scared of anything. So...
Griffin: She says,
Mama: I know that, but it’s important you understand the gravity of the situation. ‘Cause I’ve dedicated my entire adult life to keepin’ that stuff out of the public eye. It is the most important thing we do around these parts.
Aubrey: Uh-huh.
Griffin: And you’re walking a bit further into the woods and she starts to explain, she says,
Mama: Okay, so, this other world, it’s called Sylvain. Sylvain, Aubrey, it’s an incredible place, it is a living world. And I mean that literally. Whole place is alive, sustaining its inhabitants with this magic power and that’s a thing that those inhabitants are understandably pretty protective of.
Aubrey: Uh-huh.
Mama: But problem is, throughout history, those gates on our side have been poppin’ up all over the place, and humans have been crossing over into Sylvain and making a mess of things. Made some bad blood between us and the Sylphs. It’s hard to blame either side, really, ‘cuz where these gates appear on earth so do the, well, we call ‘em Abominations. But don’t you worry none ‘bout that though, that’s mine and Barclay’s cross to bear, not yours. But the worse that things got in Sylvain, because of the humans, the stricter their laws got. And today they got some pretty Draconian laws in effect governing who can and can’t live there. And the outcasts, well they don’t really got anywhere to go. Hence, the Amnesty Lodge. I give those Sylvs a safe place to sleep at night, and that seems about the least that I can do for ‘em. And Aubrey, I don’t know nothin’ about your life and what you want from it, but you could be safe there too, I think. Somehow, you fit into this picture, I know it.
Barclay: [From episode 8] All right, so The Pine Guard was established after the abominations first started appearing in Kepler back in 1988, and some concerned citizens around town found out about the monsters, and about Sylvain, and they took it upon themselves to start fighting back in secret. And their ranks have fluctuated since those days. Folks... y’know, died, fighting the abominations, some packed up and left town. This computer used to belong to a dude named Thacker. He was with The Pine Guard from the start, too. He kept notes on everything they ever fought, in this... [frustrated] the oldest functioning computer on this fucking planet. [Clint laughs]
Griffin: And he like, kind of slaps his palm against it, waiting for it to start. And he says,
Barclay: About six years ago, Thacker took off in the middle of the night without a word to anyone.
Griffin: And he kind of sighs, and he looks around the office, and he says,
Barclay: There’s a lot of that going around these days. [Ambient music plays]
Barclay: [From episode 12] Holy shit, that’s Thacker. Mama, where the fuck did you find Thacker?
Griffin: Mama kind of sighs and then she hobbles over to a load-bearing sort of pillar, in the center of the room there are a few of these sort of strewn about. She leans up against one to take some weight off her ankle, and she says,
Mama: Alright. So, uh... God, where to fuckin’ start? Y’all are a bit new to this so, there’s a bit of context you’re probably missing out on. I’ve been doing this for thirty years, and... you used to be able to set your watch by the abominations. They— They’ve always been dangerous, but they used to be... predictable. But now they’re getting stronger. They’re startin’ to break the rules. Out of curiosity, what was that last abomination like? The one I missed out on?
Duck: It was wet, you know? It was a really watery one.
Aubrey: And it gathered around water and made itself like, bigger and it was like, you know, a watery monster thing.
Griffin: And she kind of chuckles and she says,
Mama: So, let me get this straight we get a powerful fire-wielding magician that joins our party and the next abomination... is made out of water? Don’t you think that’s a heck of a coincidence?
Aubrey: Oh, wait. Are you— You saying somebody planned it?
Griffin: She says,
Mama: I don’t know, but for whatever reason, recently... the Abominations, they’ve started playing for keeps. So I went out and I tried to find Thacker. He— he left years ago. He head—
Griffin: And when she says his name, he kind of like, lifts his head up and snarls, and then kind of like leans back down to his sort of focused on the floor position. She says,
Mama: He left years ago. He headed out to Sylvain, to see what he could learn about, well, where the abominations come from. He went beyond the walls of the city out there. He went into the corrupted lands that surround Sylvain where those unlucky enough to get trapped end up getting you know, a little nasty. And he studied those folks. He survived out there in the inhospitable wilds all that time looking for the source of the abominations. Now, it took me a long time to find him, and when I did he well he was— he was like this. He spent a bit too much time out in the dark. He lost himself out there. But I managed to get him back here. Wasn’t easy, but I managed to get him back and lock him up down here. Down in— wow, I haven’t been down here in a bit. This actually used to be the safe-haven for the Pine Guard where we did our work back when there were, you know, enough of us to justify having a safe-haven. Anyway, he’s not especially talkative, as you can see, but, as was his charge here with the Pine Guard, he kept records of his studies in his journals. He didn’t find anything.
Griffin: She, uh, holds up one of his journals and says,
Mama: He found, you know, some feral Sylphs, sure, but nothing like the abominations we’ve faced in the past. No, you know, cracks in the fabric of reality that these things keep slipping through. He looked for years, y’all, and he found just... he found dick.
Duck: [chuckles]
Ned: And who is Dick?
Mama: He found—
Duck: The plot thickens.
Mama: No, he found nothing. He didn’t find anything, and... What y’all gotta understand, something that I’ve been realizing over the last couple years of hunting monsters to protect this town is We fight the abominations to protect Kepler. Because someone’s gotta do it. But one day we’re gonna face something stronger and craftier than we are. And we’re gonna lose. Or maybe we won’t. Maybe we’re gonna slay every damn thing that comes through that gate. Until we get old, until we lose our edge. Until maybe someone gets wise about the portal who, you know, crosses over and starts a war with Sylvain. Or until the gate shuts down and opens up somewhere else on Earth. Turns into somebody else’s problem. It’s starting to feel a bit like a futile effort so I— I headed out into the wilds of Sylvain to try and find somebody that I’d hoped might have an answer, but once again, we’ve come up empty.
Griffin: She uh, sets the book down and she turns toward you all and she looks, um, she doesn’t look as sprightly as she usually does. She looks pretty tired. She says,
Mama: The Pine Guard’s work is... hard. And it’s necessary. But really it’s just... a stall. Un-Unless we can figure out where the Abominations are coming from... one day the monsters are gonna win. [Ambient music plays] [clips from past episodes end]
Dr. Drake: You gotta— y’all are talkin’ like I’ve been clued in on this stuff for twenty years. I’m smart as hell but can we just— can we take it back just a notch?
Duck: I mean... Okay, she’s an alien from a dead planet who jumped out of a hole in my brain. I don’t, [laughs] see what’s tripping you up with that, Drake.
Minerva: Technically it was a wormhole that I had planted in your brain to communicate with you from across the cosmos!
Duck: Right! Like I said! [laughs]
Dr. Drake: And then you put one of them holes in my head to help bring you here?
Minerva: Exactly!
Duck: It sounds a lot worse than it actually is. Um, plus side, you can sword fight, and stuff, now... if that’s your thing.
Leo: Alright gang, c’mon, focus up, let’s call this meeting of the Chosen Club to order.
Duck: Minerva, you were on patrol last night, you... see anything out of the ordinary?
Minerva: I saw a blade wielding hovercraft approaching the mountain top, Duck Newton! Leo later informed me it was merely a helichopter [sic] and no cause for concern!
Leo: ...Yeah, close enough.
Duck: Alright, Minerva, did anyone spot you? How’s the operation, y’know, blend in with earth’s society going?
Minerva: Remarkably well, Duck Newton. Listen! Tonight I will eat a pizza and watch the Voice.
Duck: Well, [laughs] I’m sold. Drake, it’s your turn to take the Sylvans up to H2-Whoa, That Was Fun to top off, you know how to get around the roadblock?
Dr. Drake: I do, though I still need someone to explain why we’re risking our necks so some folks can go out and have some fun in the sun.
Duck: It’s a long story. Leo, what’s the word from Sheriff Owens?
Leo: Some more FBI folks rolled into town last night, but otherwise all is quiet on the Western front there, Duck.
Duck: Well, let’s not get used to it, full moon’s in a week. Things stay on schedule, something’s headin’ our way. [ominous ambient music starts]
Minerva: Indeed, Duck Newton, my dreams have been troubled as of late. The visions have yet to come into focus, but I am certain... retaliation is on its way. The hour of our shared destiny is nearly at hand!
Dr. Drake: What— what destiny, though? Can y’all please... Can y’all just stop with the cryptic shit? Like. What are we doin’?
Minerva: Duck Newton?
Duck: [chuckles] Sure, uh. No problem. [clips from past episodes start]
Griffin: [From episode 11] You see everything around the base of this beam just getting sucked up into it— trees and cars and houses and the earth itself, all travelling up the beam to be destroyed by this massive ball of fire in the sky. And as you gaze up on this scene, the gravitational pull of the beam gets stronger, pulling in more and more of the earth until your house starts coming apart, and you feel yourself flying upward, into this beam, into the sun. And then you wake up in your bed again. And standing at the foot of your bed, watching over you intently, is a humanoid shape made out of faint translucent light, and a voice comes from it and says,
Minerva: I apologize for the rude awakening, Duck Newton! If you must take a moment to collect yourself before speaking, I completely understand!
Duck: I— what the fuck? [laughter]
Minerva: My name is Minerva, Duck Newton, and I am here to tell you you’ve been chosen to fulfill a fate of cosmic importance!
Duck: All right, first off, who the hell are you? I know you’re not a friend of my mom, ‘cause you’re calling me Duck, and I know she hates that. So that— that’s— you’re not a friend of my mom. Who are you, who sent you? Is this a— [comprehending] Aahh, ok. This is computers. I’ve been hearing people talk about that, at the AV club, they’re saying a lot of stuff about computers and all the stuff they can do. You’re computers, aren’t you?
Minerva: I am not computers, Duck Newton! I come from a faraway place, you’re not ready quite yet to understand that. But you must understand, Duck Newton, and this will be difficult news to hear— your world is imperilled, Duck Newton. It is besieged by a supernatural threat that would spell certain doom for not just your planet, but for two planets that have found themselves linked by destiny itself. Even now, horrific abominations march on your world, threatening to destroy the lives of your neighbors, friends, and loved ones without hesitation or remorse. The forces your world has assembled to defend itself will prove insufficient to see to this threat. You have been called, Duck Newton, to do what they cannot.
Duck: Yeah, I got class tomorrow, though.
Minerva: [From episode 19] You have been chosen, Duck, and that is a decision that cannot be reversed. I would ask of you this, take up your blade, take up your fated instrument. And if you do not feel the call to pursue your destiny, I shall take my leave until you have grown to accept the tasks appointed to you.
Duck: Well, I am of course honored, uh, [laughs] I mean I’ll keep the sword! That seems pretty kickass, but I don’t know what I’m supposed to— you want me to go kill the rest of the MacLeod clan? Then, I’ll be the only one? Remember the— there can only be one of us? Have you seen that movie? There can be only one?
Minerva: I mean, you know I have not seen any of your Earth—
Duck: I haven’t seen it either. It’s like a sword guy... I don’t know! It seems kind of dumb to me but I’ll keep the sword, hell yeah.
Justin: I pick it up.
Duck: [imitates the sound of a sword being slashed around] Look at me! [continues making sword slashing sounds, more lightsaber-y]
Minerva: How— how does it feel?
Duck: Uh, pretty kickass, yeah! I mean I’m not gonna go like, stab Dracula or whatever the fuck, but it’s alright.
Minerva: But you could! You have the power to stab, you said Dracula?
Beacon: Mineeeervaaa, instruct this beef boy to unhand me, please.
Griffin: How does Duck feel about that?
Justin: He’s shocked, he drops it on the ground, like, what the fuck.
Beacon: Oh, excellent! Another skilled combatant.
Minerva: [From episode 2] Duck Newton! The moment of your destiny has arrived!
Griffin: And there, standing before you, is... a presence, and it’s a presence you first saw... some number of years ago, and that’s something we’re gonna have to figure out together. She, like you saw so many years ago, she has no real features that you can make out, she’s just sort of this outline of a person made of this faint blue light?
Duck: All right.
Justin: And I turn heel and start walking away.
Minerva: Duck Newton, wait! I must know if you’ve been training your body to achieve and maintain peak physical capabilities, Duck Newton!
Duck: Well, I... you know what I did try that, uh... crossfit. Darren opened up one of them crossfit places, they do BAIT during the day and then during the evenings they got CrossFit.
Clint: [laughs] BAIT and CrossFit!
Duck: And I tried it, I’ll be honest that was a little...
Minerva: And did you master this martial art of crossed fit, Duck Newton?
Duck: Well, the first class was free, but honestly the way my schedule is sometimes, I didn’t think I’d be able to dedicate as much time as it required to really make the membership pay off. You know how it goes.
Duck: [From episode 4] I— I looked at that thing last night, you— you don’t understand, you’ve been dealing with this a long time. I looked at that thing— it wanted to kill me. It could’ve killed me! If I’d given it half a chance! And maybe you all are itchin’ to throw yourselves into the— into the fire from the proverbial frying pan, but I’m not! I want to keep living, hell, I got a boat to finish, I got a cat to feed, I— this isn’t me!
Griffin: She says,
Mama: I think you’re selling yourself short there, Duck. I think— I mean, hell, do you think most folks could have faced off against this thing last night and lived to tell the tale about it?
Duck: I mean, I’m not— I’ll admit that I’m— I mean, I’m tougher than your average— I was gonna say bear, but I mean, that’s technically, I guess, still accurate, but I mean, really think about this for a second. I mean, walk through with me. We could sit here and make all the plans we want, and then we go out into the forest, right, and we find it, and then it sees me and I see it, and then I rear back and— what the fuck finishes that sentence? Seriously! What do I do— I run up and punch it in its stomach? Am I gonna spin kick it? What— what is my— what exactly is the plan here that your buddy— I sure am— I’m kinda hard to kill, but, you know, I— I’m not exactly, you know, packin’ heavy artillery over here!
Ned: What about your special item in the Chicanerie?
Duck: Aw, god, Ned! Ned, I told you to throw that thing away!
Ned: I don’t throw anything away! I’m a big, hairy hoarder!
Minerva: [From episode 19] I told you earlier that my world, like yours, was tethered to an alien planet besieged by abominations from the other side.
Duck: Mhm?
Minerva: This was only... part of the truth. I was the war councilor for my people. I... I pushed us into a conflict with that alien world. Our steel and fighting prowess crashed against their insectoid chitin and hivemind coordination, and there were losses, incalculable losses, on both sides, but ultimately our world lost the war. They left us with just a handful of survivors. And so I forced the last great minds of our civilization to create a weapon that could defeat our foe for good, a disease. Lethal to our enemy, innocuous to ourselves— I delivered the payload myself, Duck Newton, I watched as— every living being on that planet— [pause] I am the only survivor of both worlds now, and so I sought out the reason for our shared fate, and in doing so found Earth and Sylvain, and you, like other Chosen before you, were selected to keep your people safe. That is just part of your destiny, Duck. Your true destiny is to not follow in my footsteps. I told you this now because my concerns about losing your trust, of damaging our... relationship— in a few moments, it’s not going to matter anymore. Your power, Duck Newton, it stems from your connection with me and my world. That includes... your power of foresight. Surely you saw it, Duck, you saw in your vision, the meteor.
Duck: Yeah, yeah.
Minerva: It was never coming to Earth. It was coming for me. My world was prepared once for this contingency, I will go to ground and try as I always have to survive, but the mechanism through which I am able to speak with you, it will be annihilated.
Griffin: She crosses one of her arms across her chest and gives you a bow, a deep bow, and then she stands up and takes one last look at you and pivots to the side one more time and says,
Minerva: It’s time to stop hiding. You need to finish what I started. Go to him.
Duck: ...Go to who?
Griffin: And she turns back to you and she says,
Minerva: Duck Newton. My pupil, my friend. I was not talking to you.
Griffin: And she disappears. And then there’s a knock at the door to your apartment. Leo Tarkesian, your neighbor and friendly local grocer clears his throat and says,
Leo: So, uh... we should probably talk.
Leo: [From episode 20] I was also chosen there for a bit, until you were chosen. Before the gate opened up in the woods, here in Kepler, there was one up in Manhattan, old 91st street station’s been shut down for like half a century or something. Gate opened there, monsters started to come out. Minerva showed up in my dreams, like I’m sure she did for you. Popped up in that weird spectral form.
Duck: Spectral form, yeah.
Leo: I thought she was like a Slimer or something.
Duck: Yeah.
Leo: Did you— was that your first inclina— I never had anybody to talk to about this, but I thought it was a Slimer.
Duck: I thought I was high. Because I was in high school and I had... Yeah. I thought I was high.
Leo: Well, anyway, she taught me the ropes, she gave me the powers and I protected New York City from otherworldly threats there for like 19 years or something. And you know, got older. My body stopped being quite as sprightly. Then my gate disappeared. Next thing I know, Minerva told me that she’s chosen someone new and my shift was over. So I had to get to Kepler where the gate was now and deliver the new chosen one a blade. Keeping, you know, keep watch over him as he learns the craft. So that’s what I’ve been doing. Her people, I don’t know how much she told her people, they got some sort of psychic thing where they can share their combat prowess with whomever they choose as long as they get a line of communication open with ‘em. And uh... I guess it’s gone now. For you and me, Duck. That line of communication, and this next part is gonna sound a lot scarier than it actually is, so you know batten down the hatches. Minerva was talking to us through a wormhole, Duck, that we... A little, barely there even little wormhole that was sorta inside our brains?
Duck: Mhm.
Leo: I guess now that she’s gone, the phoneline’s been disconnected, please try later, you know.
Griffin: [From episode 27] And then just beyond the perimeter fence around the Green Bank Telescope, we see Dr. Sara Drake watching all of these events unfold. And then she feels this terrible pain in her head, just this splitting headache that just lasts for a flash, but it’s enough to just reel her over. She falls to one knee and hangs onto the fence to regain her balance and pick herself back up. And as she picks herself back up, her face is illuminated with this soft blue light. And then we hear a voice speaking to her
Minerva: Hello, Earth Scientist! I need to borrow your corporeal hands for a minute!
Minerva: [From episode 28] Duck Newton? This is going to hurt a whole bunch. Are you ready?
Duck: ...Yeah.
Griffin: Your sight vanishes, just instantly, as this flash of pain just splits your mind in two, and you feel this feeling like, growing and buzzing now, and moving, this pain is moving, it’s stretching outward, out from your forehead, and then just like that, it is gone. And your vision returns. And you see hovering just in front of you, like a small hole that is floating in the sky. And this four-armed being looks at it like, curiously, its head, like, cocks to the side, and then it sort of takes a step backward into the antenna with clear alarm. And then it is thrown back as you are by this beam of piercing green light that bursts downwards through the clouds above, [music starts] into the antenna of the telescope. Uh and this hole that just came out of you, it is crackling with this green energy, and it’s expanding, and through that hole, Duck, you see something.
Griffin: You see a vision of these ruins, of these like toppled pillars, and collapsed walls, and these like obliterated pieces of large, inscrutable machinery, all of which are completely dormant, except for one, and in front of that device you see a shadow approaching, faster and faster, and then she leaps, and...she’s here. She’s holding this massive, two-handed sword with both hands, and she’s careening through the air before sliding to a perfect halt on these two, large, wooden sandals, and then she looks back over her shoulder at you, her real, tangible shoulder, and she says—
Minerva: Thanks for the lift, Duck Newton!
Duck: I— I had it. [clips from past episodes end] [Ad break]
Agent Haynes: There is a great deal you’re telling me that wasn’t included in Agent Stern’s reports, so either he’s truly incompetent or he has some reason to hide this from us.
Mama: [Chuckles] Agent Haynes! I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Agent Haynes: Then maybe you can illuminate me about something else. The collapse of Mt. Kepler wasn’t the only supernatural activity in the area that day. The Green Bank Telescope also came under attack from an inhuman being. Conveniently, the security footage from that day has gone missing, but a security guard stationed there described the being as a gross ball of flesh, which eventually disintegrated to reveal a four-armed angel made of light. This being came and tried to escape through holes that just opened up out of nowhere. Sounds... fantastical, but so does the peak of a mountain being ripped from its base, so I’m willing to entertain any theories you might have about these beings. [Ambient music begins]
Mama: You know, I’ve killed me a lot of abominations these past thirty years or so, Agent Haynes. And I’m sure, with the full weight of the United States government behind ya, you could take down a lot more! But these light people... [chuckles] I suspect they’re... a little bit above your pay grade. [clips from past episodes begin]
Eugene: [From episode 12] Something has it out for Kepler’s outdoor activity centers. You hear about what happened to H2-Whoah? I got a theory, though. Don’t nobody else want to hear it, I’m wondering if you might want to hear it.
Ned: Oh, of course, yes, I live on theory.
Eugene: [takes a deep breath] Well, ‘s aliens.
Ned: Mmm!
Eugene: Yeah, they’re back here, back in Kepler. I had a little run-in with them myself. It was Tuesday night, November 15th, 1988, I was out walking my dog Braxton, got sucked up in this wormhole dealy. All of these little ephemeral beings started investigatin’ me. I told them, drop me right back down or else I was going to get my 12-gauge, fill their whole ass full of buckshot. And that must have scared them something fierce, cause they complied, drop me right back off, ain’t never seen hide nor hair of them since. Now cause I guess they’re back tearing up our water parks, guess they need a reminder, so you— you keep a lookout, come tell ol’ Eugene if you see anything otherworldly out there.
Ned: Eugene, you know what is amazing to me?
Eugene: What’s that, Ned?
Ned: That a 50-plus year old man can make a living tending bar in a ski resort. How do you do that?
Eugene: That’s for me to know and for you to find out.
Ned: Eehh, and I’m not really that interested, I just was trying to make conversation.
Eugene: All right.
Griffin: [From episode 11] What you see floating in this water as you are descending down to the ground is what appears to be a humanoid being made out of white light about your size, with two legs and four arms, and a domed head, all made out of this gentle white light. And you actually see two small, black eyes appear on its face, and meet your gaze. And you instantly know that this being, whatever it is, it means you no harm. And then finally the mountain disintegrates completely, and now you and this figure are just standing on the ground right outside of the pool, and you see this figure sort of look at its arms, one by one, just sort of examining its body, and as it does so, the light from one of its arms starts to break apart, just sort of disintegrating and floating away in the air, and in its last moments, this white humanoid shape, it looks back up in your direction, Ned, and then it slowly and cautiously nods, and then it evaporates completely in a cloud of soft, white particles of light, drifting upward and winking out of view one by one.
Griffin: [From episode 19] And one by one these three humanoid beings made out of this light just look at all of you and just solemnly bow and very quickly after that they all disintegrate into just these little beads of white light that float up and off into the distance.
Duck: [From episode 16] So, um... you’re gonna feel some impulses so probably... get your dander up when we go in here. I need you just to keep it calm, I spent all fucking night trying to keep this thing alive.
Justin: And then I open the door to it.
Aubrey: Oh.
Duck: Yeah.
Ned: A goat.
Duck: Well, no, it’s, I mean you look at the legs and you can kind of see...
Aubrey: Who is this?
Duck: Uh, I don’t know. It doesn’t speak English, or, like, Human, as near as I can figure. I was just hoping y’all would have some ideas.
Aubrey: About— ideas about the goat man?
Duck: Yeah, like how to figure out its... plan? Now that I’m saying it it does sound pretty fucking dumb.
Griffin: And with that the goat man stands up from the table and sort of gets yanked back by the handcuff attached to its wrist and looks at you Duck, and he smiles and he says—
Billy: [clears throat] Duck!
Indrid: [From episode 17] This goatman is going to be in a lot of the futures that I see. He is, as far as I can tell, quite important.
Duck: A beloved character.
Griffin: He says,
Indrid: You are going to need to keep him safe, and you're going to need to keep him undiscovered, and you're going to need my help to do so.
Griffin: [From episode 24] Like you can read the emotion on this Bigfoot’s face, and it is frustrated, and it is confused, and it is looking at the two people that it led here, um. And then it looks over, and it sees you, and it smiles. And then it steps backward and disappears.
Duck: [From episode 25] You think it’s trying to start a fight?
Aubrey: Yeah. I think it might be trying to, I don’t know, destroy whatever the anonymity, the peace that comes with it, between Earth and Sylvain. Cause if you think about, like, it’s taken forms of things we know to make these attacks. It’s setting us up.
Duck: I have a thought. Maybe it’s trying to start a war between us and aliens.
Griffin: Barclay and Mama are just kind of staring at you.
Aubrey: Okay. Uh, it could be that. We’ll put that down as A.
Duck: You’re not— are you writing it?
Aubrey: Yup.
Duck: Up there?
Barclay: [crosstalk] Yeah, I’ll write it.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] A.
Duck: [crosstalk] A war with aliens.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Barclay takes it and writes A, colon, Aliens, question mark? And then in parentheses, I don’t know why Duck got on aliens, and then end parentheses.
Aubrey: But B., how about B.
Griffin: He writes B.
Aubrey: And it’s a government facility, right? Like...
Barclay: Yeah.
Aubrey: I’m saying, if you wanted to start a war—
Barclay: This is getting a little Mars Attacks! for my taste. I tend to deal with sort of—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Duck said aliens! I didn’t say aliens!
Barclay: [voice raising slightly] Yeah, I know he said aliens! I’m dealing with local, like, werewolves and stuff! I can’t start talking about aliens starting a war with the government!
Aubrey: But I— no, I didn’t say aliens, I want to make it clear, I want it on the record, right next to B., Aubrey didn’t say aliens. Duck said aliens.
Barclay: All right.
Griffin: He writes that in parentheses.
Justin: [From episode 26] I think I’m going to investigate the machinery, see what’s going on with that.
Griffin: It takes you a little bit to walk over there and the road actually sort of terminates a good distance away from where this thing is. And as you get there, you actually realise that it is cast in bronze or something to be kind of a statue or like a memorial in the shape of this big pile of broken machinery.
Justin: Huh.
Griffin: And there is a stone plaque on the ground and it reads, “Green Bank Observatory 300 foot telescope collapsed November 15, 1988.”
Boyd: [From episode 27] I very rarely have the opportunity to actually speak to one of my targets. You’ve caused me some amount of trouble, but obviously nothing I could not surmount. And you’re being modest, Ned, it’s not my actions entirely that led to this town being whipped up into a tizzy. I must say that, before I even got here, you set the stage very nicely. I’m not here to fight, Ned, I just— I was just curious. I guess I’ll leave you to it. Good luck with everything, you’re— no spoilers, but you’re going to probably need it. One last thing— the— where’s the partition? Where have you hidden him? The— what was he? The goat man. Where did he end up? I figured out everything else in this town, but that was the one thing that eluded me.
Ned: Why? What— why do you need—
Boyd: Ugh, god, Ned, you’re just as difficult as you were back in the hotel. I don’t know why I expected anything different.
Ned: Can you at least tell me why you’re doing all this? Why would you stir up a fight that’s going to destroy so many lives? You said I was a target? Take me out, then! Just take me out, but— taking out the entire town and all these people? That doesn’t make any sense!
Boyd: Not to you, obviously. It doesn’t make sense to the spider when you step on it, but some spiders need to be stepped on. I’m going to go now, Ned, this is really— if certain bodies found out what I was doing here, I would get in no short amount of trouble. I will— oh, god. If it doesn’t— oh god, you’re right. Okay. I’m sorry, Ned, this really was unnecessary, it was hubris, and— please accept my sincere apologies.
Griffin: And he whips on his heels—
Clint: He pulls the trigger on the Narf Blaster.
Griffin: [From episode 28] What you’re able to see, it is difficult to surmise, not because it is so abstract and complicated, although it super is. It is so bright inside of this rift that it actually hurts to look at it. But, what you see is a facility, this enormous scientific facility from what you can tell. And it’s largely comprised of this one massive, tall, cylindrical chamber. And your vision, through this rift, its at ground level, and, at the centre of the chamber, you see this shallow dome of light that is super wide, it’s several dozen feet in circumference. And from it, actually, even from the distance you are at from it, you hear the same kind of digitized, buzzing language that this four-armed being appears to speak when you have hurt it, and it has shouted out in pain. And this dome is flanked by these rows of massive computers and they’re just roaring. You feel a tremendous amount of heat coming out of this chamber. But the displays on these computers have grown dark green and dusty with disuse. And the other thing that you see is, around the back wall of this chamber are these large, cylindrical pods. And most of them are completely empty, but a few of them have figures floating in them. And from your position you can kind of only silhouettes, but, while you can’t surmise what they are, their silhouettes look unnatural. And, in one of the pods, you actually see this mist coming out of these needles that are emerging from everywhere, and they are— this mist is stitching itself together to create one of these silhouettes. And then you look up from the ground floor, and your eyes can just barely take in what you see without, just, searing pain. You see beams of light— countless beams— criss-crossing the walls of this chamber as it extends upward, beyond what you can see. And each beam appears to be projecting out of a large metal ring and then crossing the length of the chamber before landing in a ring directly across from it. And there’s just hundreds of these beams, you assume, although they are far too painfully brilliant for you to count. And you look over and you see Minerva, who is seeing the same things, too, and then this four-armed being manages to shake off the sword and start to run forward. And then that dome at the center of the room— you see it bubble upward, and then this shockwave bursts out of it. And you see it blow the dust upward from the machinery surrounding it, and the entire chamber shakes as this dome just screams. And then the shockwave passes through the rift and collides with the four-armed figure and just cuts it in half. And its two halves just float upward and disintegrate instantly like vapor. And the rift instantly disappears. And Minerva, her mouth is open, and she sheathes her sword. And she sits down and kind of puts her elbows on her knees, sitting inside of the telescope, and she has this huge smile on her face. And you see her starting to tear up. And she says,
Minerva: Have you seen that world before, Duck Newton? That world of light?
Duck: ...No. No, nothing like that.
Griffin: She looks up at you and extends a hand, asking for you to help her up. [music starts]
Justin: I do.
Griffin: She rises to her position well above you, and she says,
Minerva: I am not quite sure what that was, my friend. But I assume that they know who we are. And hopefully, now, Duck Newton, now they know what we’re capable of. [clips from past episodes end]
Aubrey: Alright, we got a few days before we gotta move, with a little luck we’ll have everything we need to roll by tomorrow morning, so tell me, and be completely honest, are the Hornets ready for this?
Keith: We’re ready, Aubrey, you say the word and we’ll assemble right here at the Cryptonomica.
Aubrey: If I see anyone— If I see a single gun, it’s over, do you understand?
Keith: We know, Aubrey...
Aubrey: Fuck you, Keith. [a beat] I’m sorry. I’m sorry, old habits.
Janelle: [distantly] Aubrey, it’s time.
Aubrey: Okay, I’ll be in touch soon, stay safe. [Cryptonomica door entry bell rings]
Aubrey: Barclay, watch the door.
Barclay: Okay, is this gonna work?
Aubrey: [Chuckles] Hell if I know.
Janelle: They seem determined. Overeager, even?
Aubrey: Well, can you blame them?
Janelle: I suppose not. Though I worry you may share the same impulse, Aubrey. Your powers have waned since the collapse, we’ve been cut off from Sylvain for nearly two months now, are you certain you’re up for this?
Aubrey: [Sighs] If there’s a chance we can save him then yeah, Janelle, I’m up for this.
Janelle: Okay. I’m in no position to impede you, Aubrey. Let’s begin. [music swells]
Aubrey: [Frustrated] It’s not working!
Janelle: Quiet, Aubrey, you’ve done impossible things before! Find that strength, channel that strength, remember the power that dwells within you!
Aubrey: Please... Magic, please! [Tranquil piano plays, music swells] [clips from past episodes begin]
Aubrey’s Mom: [From episode 11] Okay, I have something for you, something to keep us, you know, in your heart, even when you're away.
Griffin: And she unclasps the necklace that she's wearing, and a beam of moonlight catches it perfectly refracting red light back up onto your face. And she says,
Aubrey’s Mom: We have lots of jewelry in this house, Aubrey, but no piece is as precious to me as this. My mother gave it to me when I left home, as did her mother before her, and her mother before her for generations. It's kept our family safe through unspeakable hardships. Some of your more imaginative ancestors gave it a name Flamebright.
Griffin: And she scratches her neck, and she says
Aubrey’s Mom: I haven't taken this thing off in nearly 25 years, Aubrey. A doctor tried to remove it when I was in labor with you, and I bit him. I bit him good. [Travis and Clint laugh a little]
Aubrey’s Mom: I was— I was pretty doped up at the time, but I like to think I knew what I was doing. I was keeping it safe because one day I knew I would be giving it to my daughter on a very important night to remind her that she is and always will be loved.
Griffin: And then we see a car, an Imperial Crown Coupe, pull up just in front of your house with its lights off, with two figures silhouetted from within.
Griffin: [From episode 27] And you see the Flamebright Pendant, and it’s got this enormous glowing orange-red gem inside of it, and you see a few inches of silver chain that have just been plucked from it and are sitting on the pad nearby. Who grabs that?
Clint: Gah... You know what? My temptation to retrofit things...
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: But I don’t want to. No, Ned would grab it.
Griffin: Okay!
Clint: I think he would mull it over for a minute or two, and look at it. And— and then he’d— he’d stuff it in his bag. I gotta be true to Ned!
Griffin: Your back is turned but you don’t see this young woman’s body as it levitates up to a standing position. Her hair is, I think you turn around because you see Boyd just awestruck by something, and her hair is sort of waving as if caught in a sharp wind that doesn’t exist in this room, and her eyes are just these bright orange lights. And then you see her point up at Boyd in the art room, and she grips her hand into a fist, and then there is a bright flash of light.
Griffin: [From episode 1] You touch your finger to the back of the card, and what did you intend for it to happen?
Travis: The card, like flash paper, goes up.
Griffin: It actually kind of explodes in a big burst of flame. Okay, with that in mind, I think Randy sees like this fire is actually pretty big and scary, so he kind of drops the card and jumps off the stage, and Dr. Harris Bonkers also jumps out of the way, but this explosion— you’ve done this trick hundreds, thousands of times— this is not intended. The burst of flame is actually enormous.
Aubrey: [From episode 2] [stuttering] Um. So. I— I— I can magic? Magic is real?
Griffin: She says
Mama: Yeah, Aubrey, what you did up there tonight was real, actual magic. So I guess that’s the first big thing magic is real. Because there’s a place that magic comes from.
Janelle: [From episode 16] Do you want to know where this magic comes from?
Aubrey: Yes.
Janelle: What does it feel like when you conjure the phenomena that you conjure?
Aubrey: I mean it’s hard to describe but... like I can’t think that I would like to make fire now but it’s there... when it’s the right reaction to have...? Does this make any sense?
Griffin: Uh, she stands up from her desk and um walks over to this pot and small ceramic cup and she pours you a cup of tea and walks over to you and hands it to you and this is already way more warmth than Janelle has ever shown you? And she says,
Janelle: It is a reflex.
Aubrey: [relieved] Yeah, yeah like that.
Janelle: That is not how it is for me at all, but that is what is so fascinating about you, Aubrey. And, I know that it must be frustrating, your mistakes that you have made with your magic, but these kinds of mistakes are to be expected! Obviously yours have been maybe a bit more destructive than most, but your magic doesn’t work the same way as everybody else’s.
Griffin: She pulls out a— she can see you getting frustrated and she says,
Janelle: Let’s start with brass tacks.
Griffin: And she gestures to this parchment and you see a map of the planet of Sylvain. And there are these lines that criss-cross the entirety of the map, almost like parallels and meridians on an Earth map, but they all connect in the middle. Not in like the middle of the depicted surface of the planet, but in the center of the planet. And she says
Janelle: I cannot take your power away because it is not yours. It is the planet’s. Every planet, Aubrey, ours, yours, all the planets in the sky are living beings. And I don’t mean that in a new age kind of way, I mean that quite literally; it is a living, sentient, being. We named ours Sylvain, you named yours Earth. They likely have names far more ancient than those but we need to call them something. And like you’ve figured out, magic doesn’t work like it does in your stories. You don’t cast fireball when you want to summon a fireball, when we use magic we aren’t channelling some energy within ourselves, we are beseeching the planet to change itself, to meet our needs. Improving your magic, Aubrey, making your magic safer, is simply a process of learning how to ask for that power more specifically. It’s— it’s to become a better conversationalist.
Griffin: And the interpreter turns to face you and gives you a little bow, and she says,
Alexandra: Again, my sincere apologies—
Alexandra: [in echoed tone] [angrily] I wish she would stop coming here. It’s her world’s fault that Sylvain is dying in the first place.
Griffin: And the words you just heard did not match up to the mouth movements that she made. You get the impression that she actually asked you a question with the words she was speaking and she was waiting on a response.
Aubrey: I’m sorry?
Alexandra: I said, do you need an escort t—
Alexandra: [in echoed tone] She is just as bad as the rest of them. She’s just taking what she wants with no concern for our people.
Aubrey: Is everything okay?
Alexandra: Yes, everything’s okay I just—
Alexandra: [in echoed tone] God, she can’t even pay attention for a moment! Even in the presence of royalty!
Griffin: And with that she kind of, um, smiles and nods, and you get the impression that she just said bye to you in some way with her mouth words, and she starts to leave.
Griffin: [From episode 19] She talks like right over you, like she can’t hear the words you’re saying. And she places a hand on your cheek, and you realize that you’ve been sobbing as she’s been talking to you, and she says,
Janelle: Today, it is okay to take care of yourself and to allow others to take care of you and to mourn.
Griffin: And that’s when you realize she is dressed the way that she is dressed because you just came from your father’s funeral, and then you realize, this is not your memory at all. This is the memory of Alexandra, the newly christened audience to divinity and interpreter of Sylvain.
Travis: Oh shit.
Griffin: [From episode 24] And Dewey’s form is floating in front of you and he is motionless but his wounds are gone. And then floating on the other side of Dewey, a figure appears, and it has a hand extended and pressed gently on Dewey's chest. And this figure is a woman, and, and you get this, like, feeling when you look at her and it's the kind of feeling you get when you swear you've met someone before but like a thousand times stronger than that. This presence feels like it could be family, like it could be your sister if you, if you had one. And you feel this warmth and familiarity with this, this figure, this person, who so closely like... resembles you, in a way. And they actually look like a little surprised to see you, and she does a little wave. What do you do?
Aubrey: Magic? Are you magic?
Griffin: And it's taking shape, this fog is, as the keys get closer, and they go into the gate of the cell that you're in and you hear the lock click and the gate swings open and this fog has fully taken form. It's Deputy Dewey and... he's a ghost.
Travis: [From episode 16] [determined] I would like to touch the crystal now, Griffin.
Griffin: Like, just as the skin of your finger makes contact with it, it pulls in your whole hand. Your whole hand is in the surface of this crystal. Both of them are pulled in to its surface almost magnetically. The prevailing feeling you have right now, in this moment, is one of absolute certainty that you are dying as you touch this thing. And, eventually, you push backward off of the crystal. And you fall back, away from it. And as you fall, you haven’t taken any harm from this thing that has just happened as you touch the crystal, which is the good news. As you fall, you land in a flower bed.
Janelle: [From episode 20] This is Sylvain, this is the heart of her. This is the thing that sustains all life on this planet. It is the source of all magic that we know of. It was the source of those things I should say. Sylvain, the entity inside of it; the entity that sustained this world is gone now. And as a result, this planet cannot sustain us. The corruption beyond our city's walls, the same corruption that inhabits your Pine Guard chronicler, it is a reaction to Sylvain's disappearance. We call it the quell. It is not a malevolent force, Aubrey. It is doing what it thinks it needs to do to salvage the planet. It is killing us before we can kill it.
Aubrey: Where did Sylvain go?
Janelle: Nobody's quite sure. She disappeared when we were attacked some centuries ago by humans from your world who found a portal and crossed over and shattered the crystal on the surface. They took shards of it home as souvenirs, Aubrey. I am still quite sore about it. But. Some people think that Sylvain is dead. Some people think that she is just weakened because of the damage done to her heart. Nobody is quite sure, Aubrey. But as a result the planet is weakened. And yet you're telling me that it seemed to respond to your human touch.Our world has not long to live, Aubrey. A year maybe more before the quell overwhelms us, before Sylvain's light fades for good. And there are those among us who would absolutely destroy your world if it meant saving our own. There are those among your people who would try to destroy our world if they recognized that threat. Don’t you see, Aubrey? The tether that connects our worlds... it is built to lead to the death and destruction of both of our people if things escalate beyond our control. If people here, in Sylvain, Aubrey, find out that humans who touch the crystal will have their life drained from them to bring our planet back to life? That is not a secret that I would prefer to get out there, Aubrey. You can’t say anything like that out loud here ever again. Do you understand me?
Griffin: [From episode 28] You are holding onto the— the big crystal with one hand, and you’re holding onto the Flamebright Pendant with the other, and for a moment, the crystal in the center of Sylvain, it regains its color, just with a— with a flush, and as it does so, you notice, it is the exact same hue as the Flamebright Pendant. And both of them now seem to be illuminated by this just beautiful, spiralling light from within. And you would be able to appreciate this, if you did not feel like— like you were dying. Um...
Travis: Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Griffin: And you—you feel like the, uh, all of the magic that you have gained some mastery over, over the last year, you feel it just sort of draining out of you, and you feel yourself getting weaker and weaker, and then you feel a furry hand on your shoulder who pulls you backward, uh, and, Vincent says—
Vincent: Aubrey, are you— are you okay? Aubrey, you— you did it!
Griffin: And you look around and like— it is still, like, dark out, it is still like, ominous and creepy, but the storm is not at the gates anymore, it is— it looks like just any other sort of rainstorm, it is not sort of the— the apocalyptic wall of death that it just was a few moments ago. And you actually see everybody who was like charging in after you, and they have stopped and are looking with awe at your surroundings, and some of them look scared, and some of them are cheering, and uh, Vincent says—
Vincent: What’s going on with your eyes?
Griffin: Uh, and he— you see actually in the glint of his armor that they are both orange, now.
Thacker: [From episode 19] [several voices talking at once] Why am I being kept here?
Aubrey: Thacker?
Thacker: Thacker... is the name of this one? He is an unintentional [glitching] host.
Aubrey: Who— who are you, then?
Thacker: [glitching throughout] At this moment, we seem to be... Thacker. But that is not who we are supposed to be. What have we done wrong?
Aubrey: Oh man, where to start. Um... Are you from Sylvain?
Thacker: [glitching continues] Sylvain can no longer... sustain the life that [unintelligible glitching] her surface. We are the counter weight that aims to bring the planet back into balance. Will you release us?
Aubrey: You help me help you, and please don’t attack me when I open this door?
Griffin: Are you opening the door?
Travis: You know what, no. I’m not.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay. Alright.
Travis: I’m gonna go fucking get Mama.
Griffin: Okay. You turn to walk away and you hear this voice say,
Thacker: Please release us. Sylvain has become [unintelligible glitching]. Those living on her surface would seek to shatter her body entirely in pursuit of their own survival. Please release us, by impeding us you hasten the arrival of Sylvain’s end. [clips from past episodes end] [Ambient music with strange noises plays]
Thacker : [Clint's voice] [Takes a deep, shuddering breath]
Janelle: It worked!?
Aubrey: Holy shit!
Thacker: [stammers, in a thick Appalachian accent] B-Barclay? Wh... Where am I?
Barclay: You’re home, Thacker.
Aubrey: Now let’s get you up to speed. [Theme music (The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy) plays]
