Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone... [“The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme” music plays]
Griffin: There are notes about the beast folk. According to the notes, just like used to be animals over on earth, and then, as they sort of spent time in Sylvain, and this alien world quickly transformed into these new forms.
Thacker: [glitching] Sylvain has become hollow. Those living on her surface would seek to shatter her body entirely in pursuit of their own survival.
Woodbridge: My name is Woodbridge, Minister of Preservation. I ensure the survival of our kind, in the wake of your world’s countless, ruthless assaults.
Griffin: And the Interpreter turns back to face you, and gives you a little bow, and she says,
Alexandra: Yes, everything’s okay, I just— [echoing] God, she can't even pay attention for a moment, even in the presence of royalty.
Griffin: Your finger touches the cold, smooth stone as Minerva’s blade cuts through the air. [theme music ends] [music fades in]
Griffin: For three quarters of one second, a veil is lifted. Minerva, the scion far from home, swings her blade through the air, and six gateways to another world are torn throughout the fabric of Kepler, West Virginia. The citizens manning the outposts around town prepare themselves for whatever lies beyond these rifts. But for three quarters of one second, Minerva finds herself uncharacteristically unprepared for what she sees through her portal. It is not Sylvain. What Minerva sees, and the rest of Kepler sees— albeit, with slower minds— is light. And through the light shapes, lights at different depths, a chamber, antiseptic and cold, illuminated from below by a pulsating, living dome of brilliant light; illuminated from above by a helix of beams of light, stretching endlessly up a cylindrical chamber. It is a world... it is a room that Minerva has seen before. Just two short months ago, standing on top of the Green Bank Telescope with her squire. And now, like then, pieces of a puzzle that she’s been solving her entire life begin sliding slowly closer together. Literally and figuratively, the heroes of Kepler see the light. And through that portal, for three quarters of one second... they are seen in return. Minerva’s Zweihander reaches the end of its arc and strikes the rocky ground below her feet. Like a television changing channels, the portal’s destination shifts. And then, the town is overtaken by storm and fury. [long pause]
Griffin: Thacker, your ears adjust as if they’ve just popped, due to a very sudden pressure change in this central chamber of the FBI compound. Um, at least, that’s where you, y'know, think you still are. You are surrounded by dark, gray fog, which has seemingly consumed this room entirely. Your vision is restricted to just like, a foot in front of your face, and you hear the sound of fighting and of yelling in the distance. And it’s almost just completely muffled. And you see no one. You can barely see your own hands. What do you do?
Clint: I think he would call out and try to find the others.
Griffin: What do you call out?
Thacker: Hey, guys! Gals! Peoples! Hello? Anybody there? It’s... it’s me, Thacker! [miming echoing] Thacker, Thacker...
Griffin: You hear your own voice muffled, as if you're like, trying to yell while you are underwater. And... it’s as you have that sensation of hearing your own voice, being sort of drowned out by this cloud that you're standing in, that you remember that this is not the first time that this has happened to you before. Uh, and you start to feel yourself, for whatever reason, getting very angry. Getting very, very upset. What do you do?
Clint: I think he’s gonna give into it. I don’t think he’s... I think it’s the Quell. ‘Cause it did happen before. The fog.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: And he passed out. But then he started having all these visions and all those memories, and all those emotions. And I— I think he might’ve fought it the first time. I think he’s gonna open himself up to it.
Griffin: Holy—
Clint: Now that he kind of has a little bit more of a handle on his psychic stuff.
Griffin: [laughs] Okay.
Travis: You're gonna try to ride the wave, instead of swimming against it.
Griffin: Yeah. This is extremely good. You're gonna ride the wave. We’ll see what comes of it. Uh, you feel how you felt just, y'know, a few hours before when you were sitting by the river, and you were trying to establish that psychic link to find out where this thing is. But now it’s like, now it is more desperate. Now it’s like, now it’s here, and you are here, and it’s not just this intangible, mental scanners thing. It’s in your lungs. And you're trying to make the most of it. Why don’t you, uh... hmm. I would say this is act under pressure, but it almost feels like a weird— like, it has to be a weird roll of some sort, right? This is you trying to use your psychic stuff, which is like explicitly weird. So I think maybe it’s like, use magic, or some, y'know, amalgamation of that. Or maybe it’s one of your abilities. I don't know, uh, what all The Seeker has.
Clint: Well, there’s one thing The Searcher has called The Things I've Seen.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: When you encounter a creature or phenomenon, you may declare that you have seen it before.
Griffin: Yeah? [laughs]
Clint: The Keeper may ask you some questions about that encounter, and will then tell you one useful fact you learned, and one danger you need to watch out for, maybe right now.
Griffin: Uh, okay. Uh, yeah. I mean, you've definitely, definitely had this happen to you before. Um, a thing you remember. A fact that you will find useful. I think the thing that you will find useful is that you are susceptible to this stuff, and you don’t know if everybody else is. But this fog, this cloud, is what makes people go berserk. But that’s not all that is in it. There are these visions that you saw, just a few hours ago, these blood red entities that, uh, seem to be hiding in the fog and are probably going to be the first troops that come over during the invasion. And I mean, that is also the danger. And I think, thanks to that, you are able to see through this fog more clearly, and you can see some... you see one of these shapes, and it is walking towards a couple silhouettes. You can't make out who they are, but you see this blood red shape, almost like, centipede-like. But like, the size of a saint Bernard, moving towards two of, y'know, the folks who were just in this room with you before Aubrey touched the archway. Do you want to... y'know, do you still want to try and tap into the power, or is that the extent of like, your psychic event here?
Clint: I need to do something to help them. I need to warn them. I think Thacker would take off in a run.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: As fast as his old legs can carry him, in the direction of the two silhouettes, waving his arms and yelling at the top of his lungs.
Thacker: [yelling] Centipeeede! Centipeeede!
Travis: That’s a great battle cry.
Thacker: [yelling] Hey, y’all! Centipede!
Griffin: Duck and Aubrey.
Travis: Uh-huh?
Griffin: You both are in this fog, and you are close enough to each other. Duck was, y'know, probably flanking you fairly close when you went up to touch the archway, and so, when this cloud arrived, you all were, y'know, in arm’s reach to each other. And like I said earlier, it is so dense, this cloud, that you can barely see anything beyond just a foot. But you can see the silhouette of the other person. You can see Duck’s hat, and you know that he is there. Uh, but you cannot see too much else. You hear yelling, and it is so loud and so purposeful, and it is coming to your right, and it is seemingly a drowned out voice yelling ‘centipede.’
Thacker: [muffled] Centipede! Centipede!
Travis: Uh, I'm going to read a bad situation, then.
Griffin: Okay. [laughs]
Justin: Seems bad.
Travis: Seems accurate. I don't know that it’s ever seemed more accurate than it does right now.
Griffin: Uh, why don’t you...
Travis: And that’s plus what, plus sharp?
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: So that brings me up to eight.
Griffin: Okay, that is a mixed success. For a mixed success on read a bad situation, you get to ask one question from the list. And we’re in the finale now, I don’t think we have to read the list every time.
Travis: Man, it sure would be helpful, though, ‘cause I never remember what it is.
Griffin: [laughs and inhales] What’s the best way in? What’s the best way out? Are there dangers we haven’t noticed? What’s the biggest threat? What’s most vulnerable to me? What’s the best way to protect the victims?
Travis: I am going to go with, what’s the biggest threat?
Griffin: Uh, that’s a tricky question. The biggest threat is—
Travis: I didn’t write it. You just read it out loud to me.
Griffin: That’s fair.
Clint: [laughs quietly]
Griffin: Uh, the biggest threat is this cloud. The biggest threat is this cloud, because it is... uh, you feel it trying to take hold of you, but you find, for whatever reason, your willpower is not even, y'know, weak enough to be tested like that. And like, this is the thing—
Travis: You mean Aubrey specific? Like—
Griffin: Uh, yeah, Aubrey specifically. Like, you feel like this thing has—
Travis: What’s up?
Griffin: “You have no power over me, weird cloud full of centipedes.” Um, and it is the transit system through which, like the other horrors and nightmares that the Quell is capable of producing, uh, y'know, it is how they travel. It is how they get to where they are going to go. Um, yeah.
Travis: Now, I want you to know, I actually read a bad situation with ulterior motive. To open up my third eye!
Griffin: Okay. You open up your third eye. What’s that mean again?
Travis: Uh, so, when I, uh... I take in extra information. Take plus one hold on any result of seven or more, plus you can see invisible things.
Clint: Ooh!
Griffin: You can see invisible things. Okay. Uh, yeah. You see this centipede. You can see it through the cloud. Aubrey, you just got like, cloud vision. Like, you can see— you don’t even see this cloud anymore. You just see the archway, and you see Duck nearby kind of squinting his eyes, and you see Thacker, charging at you, yelling ‘centipede.’ You see, behind some crates near the door into this room, you see Barclay and Mama and Agent Stern, and y'know, they’re trying to look around for what’s happening, too. Uh, and you see this centipede right in front of you.
Justin: Uh, can I tell that Aubrey is locked on? I mean, can I— do I—
Griffin: Yeah, let’s get Duck into the action.
Travis: Yeah, I think Aubrey says, like,
Aubrey: Duck, look out! Giant centipede, two o’clock!
Griffin: This is, by the way, this is seconds after you've just touched the archway. And you're not exactly sure if the plan has gone off without a hitch, but this is not, like, y'know, joining you in media res. This is, you touch the archway, and then boom, here we are.
Travis: A bada bing, bada boom. Centipede.
Justin: Um, can I make out where the thing is? Like, can I—
Griffin: Yeah, I would say— I would say, we with Aubrey’s help, and it is so close to you now, and maybe you just would’ve seen like, a shadow, and not known what to do with it. But Aubrey has like, clearly outlined for you where it is, and what it is, and what it’s... y'know, what its intentions are. So yeah, you can see it.
Travis: Its intention is to date my daughter.
Justin: [laughs] So, uh, I remove Beacon, and try to strike at where the center of the thing probably is.
Travis: Its thorax, I believe. Or is that the abdomen?
Justin: Yeah. Thank you, yes.
Griffin: Roll to Kick Some Ass.
Travis: Some thorax.
Griffin: Roll to kick some thorax.
Justin: [laughs] Hey!
Griffin: Ooh, that’s a good ten!
Clint: [laughs]
Justin: Ten! Plus...
Clint: Oh.
Justin: Two. Twelve.
Griffin: You don’t have that advanced move. Did you—
Justin: We never did those, really?
Griffin: I mean, you take them on level up. It’s one of the things you can take on level up. By the way, you guys missed a lot of rolls last episode, and I have not been tracking your EXP for you, and we are not gonna have another chance to level up. So just like, if you got one, holler, and we’ll have to do it sort of mid-stream here.
Travis: I'm about halfway to one.
Griffin: Okay. You may need to go back and do an inventory between episodes.
Justin: Why do that when the beloved listening public will do it for me? Did your hero, Duck Newton, level up? Please—
Griffin: Text us now at 1999.
Justin: Tweet at me. But first, see if other people already did, ‘cause you don’t want to be a jag about it.
Griffin: Okay, what is it you— as you like, approach this thing with Beacon drawn, you can see its shape completely. How do you strike it, and then we’ll choose your extra effect.
Justin: I just say,
Duck: Uh, I dunno, fuck it!
Justin: And then I swing it right down to where I think the middle probably is.
Duck: Best of luck, partner. I dunno bud, just do your best in there alright?
Griffin: [laughs] Uh, okay, what is your extra effect? You gain the advantage, take one plus forward, or give plus forward to another hunter, you inflict terrible harm, you suffer less harm, you force them where you want them.
Justin: I’m gonna do plus one forward to Aubrey, I feel like a little extra umph— I feel like we’re gonna need a little extra sauce to put this thing down.
Travis: Mmh.
Griffin: Okay! Uh, yeah, you bury Beacon into this thing’s mid-section and you hear it scream and as it screams you, Thacker, feel like someone just kicked you in the head. It is a voice that you know, and it’s a voice that for a time, like came out of you, and just hearing that, having that, like, dissociation, like, it is— it gives you a searing headache just for a second. You see this thing writhe in pain on the floor and where you cut it, you start to see it, like, fold backward on itself and new, sort of— new legs start appearing from the wound, trying to stand up.
Justin: [drawn out] Ew.
Griffin: You, Duck, as it— as it makes these new legs, one of them is just, like, whipping around wildly, and it, uh, catches you across the face and you take two harm.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: But you don’t.
Justin: Don’t— but I don’t.
Griffin: But you don’t. You have a very strong—
Travis: [crosstalk] Cuz you have a tough face.
Justin: [crosstalk] So powerful and cool.
Griffin: [crosstalk] It just glances off your iron-like face.
Travis: Ol’ iron face.
Duck: Goddamnit!
Justin: It still hurt.
Duck: Goddamnit! [Laughter]
Griffin: Uh, okay, Aubrey, you have one plus forward, uh, Thacker, though, you were kinda next in the order, do you wanna try and do something else?
Clint: I’m gonna try to pin it to the ground with the spike in the walking staff.
Griffin: Uh, okay, you wipe off some of the dude blood from it as you [laughs] draw your— your walking staff. Uh, you’re just gonna, sort of, you know, Dragoon this thing, or what’s up?
Clint: Yeah, just kinda swing it over my head two-handedly and just whomp into right into the ground and hopefully pin it in place.
Griffin: Uh, okay! Why don’t you roll to kick some ass?
Clint: That would be a nine.
Griffin: Plus tough?
Clint: Zero!
Griffin: Oh really? Uh, [clicks tongue] Duck, can you do anything to help him out?
Justin: Yeah, I could— with my attack, I could, you know, try to, I could say stunned it a little bit. You know, not— made a lazier hit?
Travis: Yeah, you know, I already have plus one forward from the Third Eye,
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Travis: so maybe take that move, put it where you want it.
Justin: Yeah, I didn’t realize he was next in the order, I would have directed it at him, so could I just add to that.
Griffin: [crosstalk] That’s fine— Yeah sure! You give plus one forward to— we’ll retcon that, you give one plus forward to Thacker, which brings it up to a ten. On a ten plus, you— I’m guessing you force them where you want them, if you wanna pin it to the ground?
Clint: Yeah, I would think so, down being the direction I want them to go.
Griffin: Okay! Uh, same thing, you— this thing, uh [stutters]. You jab hard into the ground, and again, you’re standing on the grass surrounding the archway so it is not difficult for you to— it’s tough for you to get through this thing’s chitin or whatever it has, uh, and it is not hard for you to pierce into the loam below, and sure enough you get this thing stuck into the ground, and then, like, a half second after you pierce through this thing, these tendrils whip up out of its back where you stabbed through, and just start, like, wrapping and tangling around your arms, and as you pull away, you feel this, like, horrible stinging sensation and you take two harm.
Clint: Except I really do!
Griffin: Except you really do.
Clint: Okay, but did it succeed in pinning it to the ground?
Griffin: Oh, yes, for sure.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Uh, Aubrey, what do you do next?
Travis: I’m gonna blast it with fire—
Griffin: You hear—
Travis: I’m gonna kill it with fire, I think.
Griffin: Okay, what does this look like?
Travis: Uh, Aubrey, two hand, you know like, full on blaster style, is just like [makes explosion sound] gonna shoot some fire at it.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Just— Just Iron Man-ing it?
Travis: Exactly.
Griffin: Alright, roll and use magic.
Travis: Uh, well that’s a six, and then I have minus one, right? Cuz I’m using magic. Makes it a five, plus—
Griffin: No no no no. You— it’s just plus two your magic.
Travis: Well sure, I was doing my math differently,
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: but basically that brings it to an eight, or it’s a seven— oh, wait, yes, eight, and then plus one forward, a nine.
Griffin: Uh, and I will say that everything that your buddy Thacker just did, pinning this thing— this immobile, uh, centipede to the ground, I think that that brings it up to a ten.
Clint: [crosstalk] [loudly] By the way, I’m guessing this is an oversized centipede, right? We’re not like all trying to like hack up this little worm.
Griffin:  [crosstalk] Oh yeah, it’s the size—
Travis: No, that’s the weird thing, it’s like one inch. It’s so weird that we’re freaking out.
Griffin: [crosstalk] It’s one inch. No, it’s, uh, Saint Bernard size. Uh, yeah, you have no problem just nuking this thing, uh, and as you do it just turns into this bright red, just sort of, gelatinous— it’s not like blood. It is way too bright and, like, gooey for that? You see it just, like, splatter across the floor, inert, and when it falls, the storm in a pretty good radius around it - so like most of this room just kind of gets pushed away, just kind of gets repulsed away from where this thing fell, and when it does it sort of reveals Agent Stern with the rifle out, and he kind of, you know, reacts with panic as soon as suddenly you appear and there’s this red splotch on the ground, and he says,
Agent Stern: Did you all— [stutters] You all took care of it then? You all— that was you— you all—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] It’s dead. It’s dead. Put the gun down. Stern, gun down, please.
Griffin: He lowers it.
Aubrey: [drawn out] Thank you.
Griffin: And, uh, just past them, you see Janelle, who is similarly, like, trying to get her bearings as you all appear, and, uh, Mama stands up and walks towards you and says,
Mama: Well, was that it?
Aubrey: Yep, Quell’s dead. We did it.
Duck: I don’t think that was the Quell.
Aubrey: Damn.
Thacker: That— that was lil’ Quell.
Aubrey: I loved his latest album. [laughs]
Griffin: You see that red fluid now start scooting across the floor,
Travis: Ack.
Griffin: just sort of— just sort of rolling over itself, uh, trying to make its way back to the archway, uh, and Mama looks down at it and says,
Mama: Yeah, I don’t think you actually did it, I don’t think it’s done.
Aubrey: But I burned it! With fire!
Travis: I put a box on top of it. [Laughter]
Clint: Make it go into a jar!
Griffin: [delighted] Yeah, you can do that, there’s a crate over— uh, we’ve established there are crates in this room. You grab one of them crates—
Travis: I put one on top of it.
Griffin: Yeah, you grab one of the crates not filled with plastic explosives and you just [laughs] put it on top. And now the crate comically, like, is trying to scoot closer to the archway and—
Travis: I sit on top of the crate.
Griffin: Yeah. Yeah, Barclay sits on top of it and is like,
Barclay: You have places to go, I’ll— I’ll do the crate sitting, I’ll fall on this grenade everyone. I know, it’s heroic.
Aubrey: We could just put a second crate on top of it, Barclay, like you don’t have to—
Barclay: No, no. This is my sacrifice to make, don’t take this moment from me.
Clint: [laughs]
Aubrey: But there’s like a hundred crates in here, we could just—
Duck:  [crosstalk] [sarcastic] It’s beautiful, our own fucking Palom and Porom, right here. Touching.
Travis: How dare you conjure that image. You know. You know. That’s our second Final Fantasy—
Griffin: Final Fantasy tragedy reference in the finale arc, yes. Mama says,
Mama:  Okay, well, I mean we don’t want to risk it, more stuff might be headed this way and, uh, you know, we gotta— we gotta have just another point of control here, so I guess me and Agent Stern and a very relaxed Barclay are gonna take this point. Are y’all gonna be okay on the other side?
Duck: Well, I mean, we have no way of knowing that. I hope so.
Thacker: Oh, yeah! Listen, nothing— It’s right up here, tapping the ol’ noggin for you, for those of you listening on something else. It’s all up here in the ol’ noodle, I can get us there in one piece, don’t you worry ‘bout it, sport.
Aubrey: Yeah, we’ll just all go with this guy we’ve known for three days. [laughing] It’s gonna be great.
Griffin: Mama says,
Mama: It’s alright, he’s with me.
Aubrey: Okay.
Griffin: And Agent Stern, like, walks over to the corner of the room and comes back over to the three of you and, um, I think to Aubrey, because you are the person he knows the most, you all lived together, escentially, for a year. He holds out this black case and it’s open and inside you see the same kind of orange brick that he warned you all about earlier, the explosive syntax, and it seems to be rigged up with some sort of, like, handheld remote, and he closes it and hands it to you, Aubrey, and he says,
Agent Stern: Just in case. Now, just in case. If you bring this back and you don’t use it, I am going to have to take it back. But just in case you need some—
Aubrey: Oh yeah, I feel weird holding it. This is, uh, terrifying. This is terrifying!
Agent Stern: [crosstalk] I mean, someone else can hold it, if you need to—
Duck: I mean, I’m pretty tough. I can hold it if you need me to.
Aubrey: Yeah! Hey, I— Listen, Stern, I’m—
Duck: She’s highly flammable.
Aubrey: Yes, I appreciate it, but one of the three of us is known to spontaneously catch fire so...
Duck: Yeah, it’s not great.
Aubrey: I’m gonna hand it to the adult, Duck, and let him hold it. Thank you, though! Hey! Thank you, this is going to prove very helpful, I bet.
Griffin: He says,
Agent Stern: Yeah, I, um, you know, just in case. Oh! It is a case, I— it is a case—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] It is a case! Ugh!
Agent Stern:  [crosstalk] It’s one of my good jokes.
Travis: And we have a good thirty minute long laugh.
Griffin: You hear like a screaming— [laughter]
Justin: The world ends!
Griffin: Yeah, you hear a screaming roar, several of them actually, in the distance, through the thick canvas of this facility, coming from far off in Kepler as other outposts sort of wage war against whatever is coming through, and Janelle says, [music fades in]
Janelle: We really should go, don’t you think? It seems like maybe your friends are in danger.
Aubrey: Hold the line, Mama, uh, we’ll be back in one piece probably.
Duck: Well hopefully three pieces.
Aubrey: Well yeah.
Duck: That would be rough.
Aubrey: I meant individual— okay.
Travis: We go through the gate.
Griffin: The twice locked door of the Kepler Sheriff’s Station rattles and cracks against the weight of the bright red horde outside. Sheriff Zeke Owens, alongside Detective Megan and Deputy Dewey, catch glimpses of the terrors through the cracks in the boarded up windows. They number too many to reliably count, let alone take on in open combat. Everyone in the Sheriff’s Station knows this. Nevertheless, their resolve does not falter. Detective Megan fills the chambers of two service revolvers, counting her ammo with care. Sheriff Zeke retrieves every box of shotgun shells from the station’s safe and orders them in a neat pile. He pulls the ring of keys from his belt and slides open a cell door. He enters and kneels down beside the cell’s occupant.
Sheriff Owens: I’m sorry I haven’t tried to be more [pause] here for you. I’ve just been trying to just, you know, give you some space. I was— I was there, I know it was an accident, but, uh, I just assume that’s probably not enough for you— for you to [sighs] let yourself off the hook. Am I right, Pigeon?
Griffin: Pigeon is sitting on the floor, wrapped in a thick wool blanket. She nods.
Sheriff Owens: I [stutters]— I can’t pretend to know what that feels like, Pigeon. That guilt is gonna ride you like a dog for the rest of your life, and I can’t imagine the weight of that, but I do know loss, and I know what it can do to you. Make you feel like your life’s not worth nothing, that all the— the joy and pleasure in the world has been locked away, just not an option for someone like you anymore. I know that feeling, Pigeon, I swear.
Griffin: Pigeon looks up from the floor, teary eyed. Detective Megan enters her cell and hands her a cup of coffee.
Sheriff Owens: Now, normally, you’d need to take a bunch of time before getting back on your feet again, I get that, but, uh, we don’t really [chuffs] got that kind of time. So—
Griffin: He leans down close.
Sheriff Owens: One day, believe it or not, you’re gonna laugh at a joke, you’re gonna go swimming and you’re gonna smile in the sunlight, you’re gonna pet yourself a good dog and it’s gonna make you feel happy. You ain’t always gonna feel like this, Pigeon. Other people maybe, but not you. And how do you get there, how do you get to that point? I dunno, but you are gonna get there, and we’re gonna keep you safe, okay?
Griffin: Sheriff Zeke cocks his shotgun and nods at Detective Megan, who says,
Detective Megan: Hit it, Dewey.
Griffin: Dewey smiles and hovers to the front door, manifesting with all of his power, he undoes the locks and throws the door open.
Deputy Dewey: After y’all!
Griffin: Crimson beasts and clawed horrors clash through the open door, flooding into the station, charging the three humans at the rear of the room. Zeke leaps forwards, grabs the bars of the jail cell door and slams it shut, trapping himself, Megan, and Pigeon inside, and the beasts outside. They press against the bars, trying and failing to reach their prey. Pigeon climbs to her feet, Zeke aims his shotgun, Megan cocks her revolvers and shouts,
Detective Megan: Welcome to Chicago, dipshits! [music fades out]
Griffin: You, Thacker, Aubrey, and Duck, with Janelle in tow, emerge through the archway and into the pavilion, where this arch is kept under watch by the city guard. Only, nobody’s here. And as you look around the town below you, you realize that nobody is here, in Sylvain, at all, and the town hasn’t been destroyed, the homes, and the businesses, and the temples, and the restaurants, like, they’re still standing in relatively decent condition. The, like, crystalline lamp posts that line the main drag are still illuminated, and the only sign that something is off is the absence of all of the Sylvans, and the knee-high layer of that dark cloud that is just everywhere. It is all over the town, within the wall’s borders, and it is just, like, slowly shifting across the ground. And Janelle points in the distance and says,
Janelle: We’re going to have to find a way over to the castle and I don’t know about getting back into that fog again. Anyone have any ideas?
Thacker: The main road is what gets us there. That’s the direction we have to go in, so are you suggesting we fly, or what?
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Can we fly?
Thacker: [crosstalk] I don’t know everybody’s—
Janelle: I do not know if we can fly, Friend Thacker.
Thacker: It’s pretty much a straight shot to the castle.
Duck: Aubrey, you got any— you got any wind powers?
Aubrey: Oh, yeah, sure!
Travis: Aubrey, like, claps her hands in front of her, trying to make a big blast of wind blow away the fog, see if that works.
Griffin: Yeah, I mean— I just cannot see any reason why you would need to roll for this, you can generate— you can do magic, this is not a particularly difficult thing. What’s it look like, how big of a—
Travis: She definitely closes her eyes first, you know, this is her first time back in Sylvain since she touched the stone. She closes her eyes and says,
Aubrey: Uh, hi, magic, it’s me again, it’s Aubrey, we’re trying to get past the fog so we can stop the Quell, which I assume you wanna happen too, so if you could help me, I’m gonna blow away the fog.
Travis: And then she, like, puts her hands out to her side and makes a big clap in front of her.
Griffin: As your hands collide, you hear somebody respond to what you just said. You hear someone say,
Alexandra: Please please please please! I know I failed them, I know I’m a fraud, please, if that’s you, if you’re anywhere, please, please help me!
Aubrey: Hello?
Travis: Do I recognize the voice?
Griffin: Um, yeah! You recognize the voice because you’ve heard before, you heard it in your head before. It is Alexandra, it is the Interpreter, who you have met several times now, you’ve had some, you know, weird connections with, you’ve heard her voice in the past, you’ve experienced one of her memories in the past.  You hear her, you do not see her anywhere, but as you cast this spell, and dispel this wind all around you, you hear her desperate plea.
Aubrey: Alexandra? Can you hear me?
Griffin: There is no response to that, and honestly it’s probably kinda tough to imagine maintaining a conversation because of what happens when you cast this spell.
Travis: Op!
Griffin: The wind, uh, displaces the fog in front of you and pushes it away effortlessly and you, like Moses parting the Red Sea, you descend the stairs and watch as, uh, you know, for fifty feet in front of you, the fog parts, revealing the road beneath. And, uh, it also reveals something else. It reveals, um, first you see, like an arm coming out of the fog and then you see, like a pair of legs coming out of the fog,
Travis: Uhuh.
Griffin: and then you just see, just like, uh— you realize there are bodies,
Travis: Hm.
Griffin: and they are not laying on the ground, they appear to be be just sort floating in the fog, and—
Travis: You hate to see that.
Griffin: And you recognize that some of them, uh— [sighs] some of them are, like, furry and some of them are, uh, not. Some of them are just Sylvain bodies, that are sort of starting to emerge and falling to the ground where the storm parts, and they start to move, and you start to see Sylvains and beastfolk alike getting to move. You see shadows in the cloud starting to move towards you and to where you sort of parted the storm here.
Travis: Now, Griffin, this may be a silly question, but move in a normal, cool way?
Griffin: No.
Travis: Agh.
Griffin: Move in an animalistic, extremely, like, lethargic, injured, but sort of unnatural way, certainly.
Travis: Yeah, that’s what— You know what, I sort of— I could have assumed that but I— okay.
Clint: Are they in— are they between us and the road?
Griffin: Uh, you have this, like, area between you and the road, this like split in the cloud that Aubrey has opened up where they are not. They seem to be, like, pushed into the cloud, but they are starting to close that gap right in front of you.
Aubrey: It’s time to run, folks!
Duck: Let’s fucking go!
Thacker: Yeah!
Travis: [crosstalk] And Aubrey takes off.
Griffin: I think act under pressure, everyone act under pressure plus one for, uh, what Aubrey just did but this— you know, making your way through this, uh, obstacle course of arms and legs that are trying to approach you and grab onto you, I think I wanna see who is dexterously moving through this.
Travis: I rolled a seven plus zero cool, plus one, so an eight.
Justin: I rolled an eleven plus two, so thirteen. Hell yeah.
Clint: Uh, Thacker rolled a ten, but he has a trait called Just Another Day when you have to act under pressure due to a monster, a phenomenon, or mystical effect, you may roll plus weird instead of plus cool, he has two plus weird, that takes it up to a twelve, adding the one, takes it up to thirteen.
Griffin: [amused] I mean, you won with your ten, you just wanted to brag about how good and high your number was.
Clint: I know!
Travis: He gets to so very rarely, Griffin, let him have this.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh, Duck and Thacker, you all take off, like, you are, you know, effortlessly leaping over these arms that are swinging out, trying to grab you, and, uh, you just cruise right on down Main Street, uh, towards the castle and the, you know, the garden with the crystal in front of it, and yeah, you just have no problem doing that.
Travis: Aubrey—
Clint: [crosstalk] Are you rolling for Janelle?
Griffin: Uh, Aubrey, you— No, I never roll. Uh, Aubrey, you are similarly, like, pretty easily making your way through, uh, and Janelle is, like, holding onto your hand, you realize that she is actually having a little bit of trouble moving as quickly as you’re able to, so you’re trying to pull her along and you see her get grabbed by a couple of the hands, and, uh, a couple more, like, grab onto her robes and try to pull her under the storm. Uh, that is the mixed success, is that you are, you know, no issue moving through, but Janelle appears to have been grabbed.
Travis: Uh, I’m gonna roll to kick some hands.
Griffin: [laughs] Okay.
Clint: [giggling]
Travis: So, that’s, uh, a nine.
Griffin: Yep.
Travis: But my tough is a minus one, so it’s an eight.
Griffin: Oh, so you are— you are not using magic, you are just using—
Travis: I’m kicking the hands that are grabbing her.
Griffin: Okay! Describe what this looks like.
Travis: Uh, so, still holding her hands, keeping her on her feet, Aubrey’s just hauling back, uh, with her, you know— with her strong right foot and just kicking the hand. You know, kicking the hand that’s grabbing the robe, as they say.
Griffin: [laughing] You just start—
Clint: [crosstalk] And I would say— and I would say with a thirteen, Thacker can certainly pay a point forward, ‘cause he went over twelve.
Justin: [mumbling] No, it doesn’t work like that.
Travis: [crosstalk] Is that how that works?
Griffin: [crosstalk] That— No, that’s not how that works at all.
Justin:  [crosstalk] Nothing works like that.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Uh, Aubrey, you all look back and just see Aubrey just skanking it. [Laughter]
Griffin: And, uh, you hear crunching and pummeling below your feet, Aubrey, but one of these hands, like, grabs onto you and you feel like this— like, right at your calf, you feel this, like, sickening kind of feeling just starting to course through you a little bit, before you kick that shit away too, you take one Harm, ignore armor.
Travis: Okay!
Griffin: Uh, and you— with that, though, you manage to free Janelle and the two of you catch up with Duck and Thacker and the— you manage to clear this barricade that someone had built up in front of this garden here and you manage to make your way out of this storm and into the Crystal Garden just below the steps of the palace.
Travis: What do we see?
Clint: And did we leave a slipper on the steps of the palace?
Griffin: You, unfortunately, did not. You see a few things, as you actually approach the palace— as you, like, are running down the main drag, you see down some alley ways, and once you, like, get clear of the city towards the palace, you see, like, parks in the distance and hillsides in the distance in different parts of the town. You see Minerva’s rifts open all over the— all over Sylvain City here, and they are, like, too narrow for you to see what’s going on on the other side, but you see, like, frantic activity around each one as the Quell, sort of, pushes its invasion through those different points, but as you make your way past the barricade and into the garden here, you see— obviously, you see the crystal and it is just, it is barely illuminated now. It is this, like, faint, dark, fading orange, and up the stairs in front of you, you see the castle and it’s got these huge, massive doors that are shut tight, and you can see some armor with some figures in the armor, laying on the ground in front of those doors, their, you know, jagged spears and pieces of armaments scattered around the entryway. That is what you see.
Justin: Should I Read A Bad Situation?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Sure!
Justin: Yeah, I feel like it’s all bad situations from here to the finish line. It’s a seven plus two, nine.
Griffin: Anybody want to help out?
Travis: Yeah, so then I guess I will also— would I also roll a—
Griffin: You’d roll a help out and describe, like, what you are doing to help him read a bad situation. How are you—
Travis: [crosstalk] I hold my hands up in front of his eyes like two binoculars, and I’m like [makes squeaking hinges noise] does that help?
Griffin: What are you doing to look around the scene for dangers?
Travis: I’m going to attempt to open that there third eye, so Aubrey’s, like, closing her two eyes, the normal two eyes, you know, the ones—
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: You’re shooting sonar out, essentially. Roll to help out.
Travis: Uh, I rolled an eight.
Griffin: Uh, okay, your help grants plus one to help out.
Travis: [crosstalk] Well, that’s seven plus one, eight, yes.
Griffin: Right, you grant them plus one to their roll but you expose yourself to trouble or danger.
Travis: I mean, that happens, you know, anytime you open your third eye
Griffin: Yep.
Travis: you’re opening yourself up to some psychic danger.
Griffin: Sure, that bumps you up to a ten, Duck. What are your three questions that you get to ask?
Justin: [assertively] What’s my best way in?
Griffin: You see, just to the right, one of those massive double doors, there is a stone circle built into the— built into the wall, and in the center of that stone circle is like a vertical slit, uh, and it looks like a, sort of, medieval padlock situation. You figure that is probably the mechanism to open the gate, and I think that actually, uh, Janelle is up there investigating it also, and, like, sort of checking her robes, and she turns to you and she says that,
Janelle: I don’t have my key, I didn’t think that I would be gone this long and they would shut anyone out. The only ones with a key are the head of the palace guard and maybe the interpreter?
Griffin: That is what you get from that question.
Justin: Are there any dangers we haven’t noticed?
Griffin: Uh, there are.
Justin: Cool!
Griffin: Uh, end of question.
Justin: I mean that’s literally— I mean, asked and answered.
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Justin: [laughs]
Griffin: Yeah, there is a danger that you have not noticed. You see some of that armor that is laying in front of the doorway into the palace, you see it start to move, and it is the biggest form that was laying on the ground here, and you see it start to shamble and pick itself up to its feet. That’s a danger you didn’t notice.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: Now, if I were to say ‘what’s the biggest threat to me’, is that going to be the reanimated armor?
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Yeah, yeah, I’m just gonna burn that one. [laughs]
Griffin: Okay.
Justin:  I want to take advantage of that, the fact that I’m noticing it, like,  already reforming. Is there a—
Griffin: There’s someone inside of it.
Justin: Oh, there’s someone inside of it, it’s like getting back up, right?
Griffin: Yes, uh, and it starts to trudge towards Janelle as she’s investigating the lock.
Justin:  I’m gonna whip Beacon around its leg to try to knock it off balance while it's sort of getting its bearings.
Griffin: Uh, okay! I think it is not in a position to attack you right now. It has one of these— its spear is even bigger than the ones that are laying around and it’s got this, like, you know, jagged edge to it’s almost more like a— [clicks tongue] uh, like a pike or something like that.
Travis: Man, this some Dark Souls shit.
Griffin: I do not think that this is a kick some ass then, so I think that it’s—
Justin: Act Under Pressure?
Griffin: Probably Act Under Pressure, yeah.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: [disbelief] Wow!
Justin: Nine plus two.
Griffin: These are those finale rolls!
Justin: Yeah, we need it. [unintelligible]
Griffin: [crosstalk] You do the thing that you set out to do.
Justin: I— Yeah, I pull Beacon out and whip it around its leg and Beacon says,
Beacon: Have a nice trip!
Travis: Ohh.
Justin: And then I pull and he falls over and Beacon says,
Beacon: Eat my whole ass. [Laughter]
Clint: And that would be, like, the pommel, right?
Griffin: This thing starts to jab its huge spear in an unaware Janelle’s direction, but you, like, without even thinking, whip Beacon around its leg and knock it down, and it misses and its spear clatters to the ground and, kind of, slides past Janelle, and it misses its assault and it starts to stand up again, this time angrier than before, and it turns to see who attacked it and now, Duck, you can see who it is. You see horns on its head, poking through a large plate helmet, and you see familiar eyes that have gone blackened and, you know, hollow, and he stands to his full height, just this massive imposing height, wearing this bulky plate armor and glowers down at you and it is Vincent, the Minister of Defense and friendly goat man who you have encountered inside.
Duck: God fucking damn it.
Clint: Can Thacker take a move?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Yeah, Thacker, go ahead.
Travis: You sound confident, Dad, and I love it.
Clint: [crosstalk] Cosmic— I am. Cosmic Insight.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint:  You have encount— again, [dramatically] he has encompassed the soul of the universe!
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: Oh, no, I’m sorry, psychic event, I’m looking at the wrong thing.
Travis: [dramatically] He has not encompassed [snickers] anything.
Clint: [crosstalk] Psychic event— to use his sensitive powers, opening his brain to the psychic environment, and in this case— well, I’ll just roll. I’ll just roll.
Griffin: Okay! Yeah.
Clint: Aw, crap.
Travis: Yes.
Clint: Well, it’s a nine, um—
Travis: Plus Weird, right?
Clint: Plus Weird which is— that’s an eleven.
Griffin: Okay! Why were you oh crap-ing.
Clint: Well, because I wanted to get one through six, because one through six, a bad roll, you make contact with something dangerous and I was thinking maybe it would—
Griffin: Oh, bud, trust, if you had gotten a one through six, making contact with something dangerous would have fucked you right up. That’s not a good thing, that’s a bad— that’s the not ideal result of this scenario.
Clint: Okay, well, in this case he gets a definite impression, a vision, a tangible aura, an overheard thought, something from Vincent.
Griffin: Uh, okay! Time stands still. [music begins] The scene around you, is like you are seeing it through this bright red filter, and you look around and you can move a little bit but everybody else is, kind of, in position. You see Duck with his sword drawn, and you see Janelle starting to, like, fall backwards away from Vincent, and you see Aubrey with her third eye open, but you can move a little bit, and right where Vincent is, you just see this, like, blinking red light that is in his form and it, you know, roughly humanoid, occupying the space of his body, but this light turns towards you and speaks to you in a familiar voice and it says,
The Quell: Are you coming to me?
Thacker: Yes, I’m— I’m coming and I’m bringing some friends.
The Quell: What is it that you hope to accomplish?
Thacker: Peace. I’m looking for peace.
The Quell: The time for peace is long past, you should know that, Thacker. Both of our worlds are blind, it’s time for us to begin anew.
Thacker: Then I guess— I’m coming for war then, I suppose, if that’s the only option I got left.
The Quell: So be it.
Griffin: And that filter— that red filter is just gone, and now you see time catch up to you, and your head, Thacker, is just— you fall to your knees, your head is just splitting, and you hear this loud clanging noise and when you look up you see that Vincent has fallen to the ground and this time he is just breathing, and you can actually tell that whatever influence he had on it, the Quells influence, the same thing that took you over, it’s gone now, it has retreated away from Vincent, who makes his way up to his knees and shakes his head off, and you probably feel a sympathy for him, knowing, like, how shitty he probably feels right now, {{this Quell hangover}}, but he recovers, and the first thing that he does is look up at you, he locks eyes with you, Thacker, and he says,
Vincent: Hello? Oh, what was that?
Thacker: Well, my friend, that was the Quell, and it kind of gets in your head and makes you act all goofy, but I gotta tell you, as far as I can tell, you didn’t do anything wrong, of course I’ve only been here around ninety seconds.
Griffin: Yeah, he— as he stands up and picks up his spear, he looks around at some of the felled guards and he just shakes his head and just looks completely— just has this vacant, distant look on his face and—
Thacker: Well, it wasn’t you, though! It wasn’t you— listen, it came on me and I was like crawling around on ceilings and I was wiping people out and it ain’t your fault, you didn’t do it. Don’t feel bad.
Duck: Here partner.
Justin: I hand him the Slim Jim that Leo gave me.
Duck: Why don’t you try snapping into this? It always helps me clear my head.
Griffin: He— This whole time he has been, like, trying to process everything and it is taking him so much longer than it normally would, and he looks down at this bright yellow, long, shitty looking package, with a long nasty looking beef stick inside of it, and he looks at you curiously—
Travis: [crosstalk] This week we’re sponsored by Slim Jim! [Laughter]
Griffin: He looks at this big, shitty, awful idiot snack—
Clint: You are really kissing this endorsement goodbye!
Griffin: And for just like a second you can tell he is not thinking about what just happened, he’s not thinking about like— you have interrupted this downward spiral that he was going through, and reminding him of all the little pleasures of Earth that you all have brought him, all of these, sort of, mindless, fun distractions and he looks up at you and just seems to shake it off, and he tears the package open and just takes, like, an enormous goat bite out of it and he says,
Vincent: Are you all here— Hold on. [spits out in disgust]
Justin: [laughs]
Duck: Use as directed, that is exactly,
Aubrey: Yep.
Duck: absolutely right, that is how we do it on Earth.
Vincent: That is bracing. [Laughter]
Duck: Yeah, man, it’s the fucking cumin, cumin will get you every time, bud.
Griffin: Now he looks around and, like, instantly puts together okay, things have fallen apart, the gates are closed, you all are here, there has to be a reason for it. He hobbles over to the lock and jams his spear in it, which he twists and the doors part open, just narrow enough for all of you to slip inside.
Travis: As we head inside, Aubrey closes her eyes again— you know, following Janelle, closes her eyes again.
Aubrey: Alexandra? Um, if you can— if you can hear us, we’re on our way to help.
Griffin: You don’t hear any response, but you have that third eye open, right, to help him out?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Exposing you to danger?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Right. Everybody else has gone inside, you’re the last to slip through the door, and as you do, just in your periphery, just for, like a blip— if you did not have your third eye open, like, you, obviously, would have missed it. [music fades in] It’s like a single frame spliced into a film. You see, hovering in the air, twenty feet away in the distance— you see five of those four armed beings made out of light just, kind of, hovering in the air, and just, kind of, observing, and then in a blink they’re gone and the doors creak shut behind you. [Ad Break] [music]
Griffin: The fluorescent overhead lighting of the Saint Francis Medical Center annex flicker as the monstrous entity gains entry, slinking around cubicle corners and through empty meeting rooms, this beast, an eight-foot long, six-legged, bright red Komodo dragon, stalks the living prey it senses in this building. A trash can topples over in an adjacent room and the lizard roars, exposing its crooked, razor sharp teeth. It charges in the direction of the sound, it finds Muffy, wounded and bleeding, her back against the far wall of a meeting room, her eyes closed, pleading for help. The beast charges, smashing through the door frame, into the room, toppling tables and chairs in its furious assault. It’s mouth opens wide as it makes contact [pause] with a wall. It slumps to the ground, dazed for a moment. It sees its own shadow on the wall and turns to find a projector, shining down onto the screen it just rammed. Muffy’s voice comes from the shadows,
Muffy: Honestly, dear, that’s bush-league hunting.
Griffin: She emerges into the light, string drawn on an ornate longbow. Two other figures wearing robes flank her with crossbows in hand, they fire a volley at the Komodo dragon as it charges in their direction, sticking bolts and arrows all around its face and body. The beast prepares to leap and finish its assault when something lands on its back, dropping it to the floor. A ceremonial dagger pierces its head, and then whatever was binding its form together loses its sway and the beast disintegrates into a gelatinous, bright red puddle. Winthrop lifts himself up and out of the creature’s remains, looks down and recoils in horror.
Winthrop: My Louboutins! [music fades]
Griffin: The castle doors shut behind you and you actually see a couple of guards that have their backs up against the door, like pushing it shut. One of them is this fearsome looking bulldog creature, wearing this studded armor, the other one you’ve actually seen before, it’s a squirrel that you’ve seen a few times, that use to guard the archway, but it’s here now and has this bandage over his left eye, and it is fairly ramshackle here in the foyer of the castle. There is a small fire in the center of the room, and there are a handful of Sylvains sitting around it, with just vacant expressions, their energy is clearly flagging. You get the impression that they probably haven’t siphoned anything off of the crystal for quite some time now, and there are a few folks all around the room who are in a similar state. There are a couple of spectres too who are— like they’re almost invisible, they are only barely opaque, and one of them actually makes his way over to you and you can’t really make out who it is because his form is so blurred but his voice says,
Woodbridge: Pine Guard, have you come to deliver us in our hour of need? You’re, uh, a little late.
Griffin: And now you recognize this person as Woodbridge, who is the minister or preservation here, whose form is just not really visible and you can’t see that sort of smarmy, shitty face that was so mean to you the first time that you made your way here.
Duck: Hey, what happened to you?
Woodbridge: Ah, look around you. It was Goose, right, or was it, uh—
Duck: Duck, yeah, it’s a nickname.
Woodbridge: Uh, Quail? Oh, well the same thing that’s happening to everybody else, Duck, we’re dying. We are all dying or dead.
Griffin: And then he looks and sees that Vincent is with you and that Janelle is with you, and he stops and shakes his head and says,
Woodbridge: [aghast] You’re back? You— People can come back?
Duck: Yeah, I mean, I dunno about— yeah, I dunno. I’m sorry about the holdup, by the way, had a few other things to attend to, you know, earthside, so I am sorry about that.
Griffin: Woodbridge then turns over to Janelle and says,
Woodbridge: And our wayward Minister of the Arcane has returned. I take it your mission was not a success?
Griffin: And, uh, Janelle kind of looks down at the ground, she looks like she feels really guilty.
Aubrey: Hey, my dude, I’m sorry that you’re like fading away or whatever the fuck, but quit being a piece of shit. Like, we’re here now and we’re trying to help, and she was doing her best, so get off her nuts, alright?
Woodbridge: Ah, yes, I understand. It was her idea, you know? To make her way—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Oh my god, I am going to melt you into a puddle in the ground, like everybody’s clearly going through some shit, do you really think this is the time?
Woodbridge: I don’t see that we have any—
Griffin: And Janelle just, like, holds her hand out, and he goes, like, flying across the room and runs into a big crystal chandelier in the ceiling
Aubrey: Yes.
Griffin: which he kind of bounces off of.
Aubrey: Thank you.
Griffin: And Janelle says,
Janelle: I’ve wanted to do that for a long time!
Clint: [laughs]
Aubrey: Yes! He is a piece of shit.
Griffin: Uh, and he, like, sheepishly, like, sinks back down to the floor and makes a real shitty glare over at Janelle and wanders over to the fire, and then you all hear footsteps rushing toward you from the Royal Chambers and you see the Interpreter, who, Aubrey, you have seen a few times during your lessons now, and Duck, you haven’t seen since you were first introduced to Sylvain, you know, almost a year ago now. She looks like how you saw her the first time, she’s a young girl, only now her cheeks are, like, fairly sunken and she has tears in her eyes, and she just leaps at Janelle and just clutches her legs, and Janelle is similarly, like, kind of teary eyed and she says,
Janelle: I’m so sorry, dear. I’m so sorry, I won’t leave you again.
Griffin: As you all are, kind of, witnessing this reunion, Vincent turns to you, Duck, and he says,
Vincent: Have you been, um— Have you been beefing up? You look, uh, I know I haven’t seen you in a while. You look great!
Duck: That’s cool as hell of you, thank you. Yeah, I’ve been training with, uh, some more chosen ones back earthside. Been trying to work on my delts and my pecs and my glutes and everything. Thank you for noticing, a lot of people just let that pass by. I appreciate it.
Aubrey: I said—
Thacker: It’s the uniform.
Aubrey: I said you looked good, Duck, okay? I said it.
Vincent: Uh, when we get through all this we should do some sparring, what do you say? Just, you know— just two bros working it out.
Duck: [clears throat] Yeah, I’m gonna take a pass right now, cuz you’re all jacked up on Slim Jim energy. [Clint laughs] We call that— we call that meat meth and I don’t need— I don’t need to battle somebody in that condition. All that fucking sodium just goes right to your muscles.
Travis: Aubrey, as this happens— Aubrey is gonna make her way over to Alexandra.
Griffin: Uh, okay!
Travis: She needs to have words, she and I.
Griffin: Sure, sure. Uh, you walk over to her and she is still holding onto Janelle and her face is just buried in Janelle’s robes, and you hear the Interpreter’s voice say,
Alexandra: Thank you, Aubrey. Thank you, Aubrey. Thank you.
Travis: I hear her voice or I hear her say it?
Griffin: You hear her voice.
Travis: Okay, Aubrey tries to think ‘You’re welcome, Alexandra’.
Griffin: Mm, nothing happens!
Aubrey: [mutters] Damn it. [calls] Hey, Alexandra? Can I talk to you for a minute?
Griffin: She pulls her face away from Janelle’s robes and she says,
Alexandra: Aubrey? What— what is it?
Aubrey: Yeah, Janelle, you can chat too. You’re probably going to be, uh— Hey, so, Janelle and Alexandra, I can, uh, hear Alexandra’s thoughts, and I can’t really— so, I was trying to talk to the lady who lives in the magic, you know, and, uh, instead I heard Alexandra, and, Alexandra, you said something about maybe having deceived some people and maybe having messed up a little bit...
Griffin: [crosstalk] She goes— she goes white as a ghost, white as a sheet.
Aubrey: Yeah, that’s what I thought, so we need to have some words, the three of us.
Griffin: Janelle looks at her and looks at you and says,
Janelle: You heard her thoughts, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Yeah, I was trying to talk to the lady who lives in the magic.
Griffin: She just looks back at both of you with just a rare look of puzzlement on her face. Uh, Thacker, what are you doing, while all these conversations are happening?
Clint: Well, I mean, the only thing in here are the denizens of Sylvain, right?
Griffin: Right, yeah.
Clint: Maybe he’s really investigating them and checking out to see if he— I mean, how many— Have you given us a count as to how many people— I mean how many creatures are in there with us.
Griffin: Uh, maybe, you know— a little over a dozen or so, not the entire city. Actually, a very, very small number of people have made it in here, into the castle.
Clint: So, I think— I think he’s sort of walking through the crowd and kinda looking at them, kinda checking them out. You know, just in case there’s, you know, a quisling in the brush, as they say.
Griffin: [amused] Okay! I don’t even think you need to investigate a mystery, I think this is your, uh, whatever it is— the thing where you know this— You know this shit. I would not make you roll for this because you are the earth’s preeminent Sylvain scholar and you have seen Sylvans before, and you’ve read about Sylvans when they start to go hollow like this, when they start to lose their connection to Sylvain, so, like, you know what this looks like, and what you notice is that Woodbridge has started to, like, come back a little bit. Woodbridge is now a little bit more tangible, a little bit more visible of a spectre than he was, just, you know, right when you came in. This group that was just sitting around the fire, just looking kind of vacant, they’re actually having a, you know, inspiring conversation with each other, a, you know, ‘hang in there’ talk with each other. You notice that, like, everyone in this room, actually, seems to be, like, gearing up for battle, seems to be getting their gumption back. Looking around the room, Janelle, obviously notices that too, and you see her, Aubrey, clasp her hands over her mouth, and she looks at Duck and she looks Thacker and she looks at you, and she says,
Janelle: I know how to stop the Quell. [stutters]
Aubrey: Okay?
Janelle: We need to go right now, I will explain on the way.
Griffin: And she takes off running towards the Royal Chamber, towards an open door at the back of the room.
Travis: Uh, Aubrey grabs Alexandra’s hand and says,
Aubrey: We’re not done talking, come on!
Travis: And pulls her along with her.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I just follow along. I mean, yeah, fuck it. Yes.
Clint: Uh, and I think Thacker leaves a little bit more slowly and really giving the last scrutiny to the room left behind.
Griffin: As you leave the room behind, it just— this thing that you notice, it’s even more prominent. Now, like, the people around the fire are, like, standing up and starting to pump each other up. Woodbridge is just, you know, still a spectre but, like, his form has come back. You see him actually, like, looking as his hands, realising what has happened. Everybody seems to be, like, re-energized.
Clint: And it continues even as we’re leaving?
Griffin: As you leave, you notice that everybody is just sort of— everybody is just kind of better [music fades in] and you follow along behind.
Griffin: The ward around the Cryptonomica is broken by the swarm of Quell terrors. One of Janelle’s retinues faints from exhaustion, Kirby leaps to catch her. Indrid removes his glasses and begins clicking his mandibles and stretching his long chitin covered arms and legs. Moira closes her eyes and the more ballistically deadly objects in the room begin floating in an orbit around her. A window smashes upstairs. Dani turns, slipping off a ring as she sprints to the second floor. She kicks open the door to Billy’s old room, fully transformed and sees a bright red, winged gargoyle finding its footing after smashing in from outside. She bares her fangs, rears back her claws, and leaps toward it. The front door into the building topples over, Moira hurls a salvo of staplers, stones, and books in the direction of the horde. With a flap of his wings, Indrid is on one of them, repeatedly smashing it into the wall and ceiling. Kirby stands his ground against a charging red bear, but is thrown like a rag doll across the room and over Ned’s old desk. He climbs to his feet as the bear prepares another assault, and then Kirby hears a chorus of battle cries from outside. There are dozens of folks, young and old, all charging the horde. They emerge into the moonlight and Kirby notices their uniforms. No, not uniforms, their merch shirts, hats, jackets, pins, stickers, all read ‘Saturday Night Dead’. Kirby grins, he leans down, retrieves a brass tipped walking stick from below the desk and pounces. Upstairs, Dani lands the killing blow on her enemy, but her fury has given her tunnel vision. A blood red cobra slithers into the room, cautiously approaching the unaware Sylvan. The cobra strikes [pause] and is intercepted, snatched out of the air, by a small, furry, white paw. The snake’s head is twisted, violently, it spasms and two short, furry, white arms slam its body into the ground with a decisive thunk. Dani hears the impact and turns. Dr. Harris Bonkers stands before her on two hind legs, three feet tall, the dying snake held, [emphasis] held, in one of his anthropomorphized paws. His face is a mask of amazement, like Dani’s, who says,
Dani: Huh.
Griffin: And you all go into this antechamber beyond the Royal Chambers, and once all of you are standing on the symbol with Alexandra and Vincent and Janelle, she places her hand down on the ground and it lights up, and this elevator starts to descend, and it drops below the castle, and it is suspended on these four, thin rails, and you have an almost uninterrupted view of the chasm below the city. Aubrey, you’ve seen it before, but the scope of it, Thacker and Duck, is just breathtaking. It is just this enormous earthen void with a— it’s got a viewing platform that elevator— the bottom of the elevator docks into that seems to stretch part way around this chamber’s circumference, and at the center of all of it is the crystal, the rest of it, what’s attached to the comparatively humble peak right in front of the castle. This is the iceberg below the water, and, uh, like what you saw above ground the light is almost, like, completely extinguished. Right now, actually, the only light is coming from below. There is a searing red light that is flashing from the endless void down below the viewing platform, and it is dramatically illuminating everyone and everything, every several seconds, joined by a deep laboured breath, but Janelle doesn’t seem to care about any of that. She is staring at you, Aubrey, and her mouth is hanging slightly ajar.
Aubrey: What’s— Hey, what’s up? Do I got a booger?
Clint: [distant laughter]
Griffin: She grins for like a second and then goes back to that— that slightly vacant expression, and she looks at all of you and she says,
Janelle: Did you notice? Woodbridge and the others? [music fades in]
Thacker: They’re getting stronger.
Griffin: She takes a beat and she looks back at you, Aubrey, and she says,
Janelle: Do you know?
Aubrey: Do I know what?
Griffin: She grins again and takes a step back and she says,
Janelle: You can hear the Interpreter’s heartfelt, pure, unspoken pleas, you can nourish our people and sustain their vital energies just by being near them.
Aubrey: Uh huh.
Janelle: You have powers beyond everything I’ve ever seen, Aubrey. You can break the Quell’s corruption. You’ve restored life to the dead. Aubrey, you’re not from Sylvain. You are Sylvain. [music swells and plays out]
