Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Aubrey: You can’t just, like, hop on the local news and say, “Oh, by the way, there’s abominations out there, but please stay calm.”
Ned: Why can’t we?
Clint: He opens the safe.
Griffin: Yeah, you could do it with your eyes closed.
Griffin: You reach down and carefully remove Shade Tree.
Aubrey: Should we look for Ned? I’m, of course, worried about Ned— where is Ned?— but should we look for Ned?
Leo: I guess you and I are taking a road trip up to the Green Bank Telescope.
Duck: I didn’t have a vision about me beefing it, it’s about you. I’ll just go and see what I can find.
Ned: I do this on one condition.
Boyd: Uh, shoot.
Ned: I will never, ever see or hear from you again.
Boyd: Ned, I can guarantee that.
Griffin: And he shuts the door.
Griffin: ...As he walks away and vanishes into a rift in the fabric of reality. And on the floor of the closet lays a body.
Griffin: It’s the body of Boyd Mosche. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Griffin: Alright, Duck, we’re gonna do your stuff first. We’re gonna resolve your big story and where we left it off, the big cliffhanger, last episode. Heh, it’s like, heh, it’s like Free Solo up in here with that last episode [Justin laughs] ’cause of the— it was a documentary about a man who, he hangs off of many cliffs. What’s the name of the original name of the movie?
Justin: Maybe it’s like Cliffhanger? The movie, called Cliffhanger?
Griffin: Aw farts, they did do one of those, huh?
Justin: Yup. [crosstalk] It’s right there.
Clint: Maybe it’s a cliff bar?
Griffin: Uh, that’s, that’s not... anything, so—
Justin: Cliffhanger is a— in a reality where cliffhanger is not a narrative descriptor of an ending that demands resolution as quickly as possible, in reality where that term never originated, cliffhanger is the wildest name for a film that has ever been. [Griffin laughs] What an in— what a baffling name you’ve chosen for your Sylvester Stallone vehicle. “Uh, well, he hangs on cliffs? And— Cliffhanger.”
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: “Wait, is his name Clifford Hanger?” “No, it’s just— yeah, that’s great, can I take that?”
Travis: [crosstalk] Maybe? We’re gonna see how that tests.
Griffin: It’s a movie, about a big scary shark, and Richard Dreyfuss. We’re gonna call it Ocean Eater. [laughter] Ocean— Ocean Biter, maybe. Okay—
Travis: Chomp— Chomper Fish?
Griffin: Chomper Fish? Uh, shoot. Okay, uh, Duck, you are headed to the Green Bank Telescope, correct? Sans—
Justin: Yup.
Griffin: Sans Leo? Uh, I forget how we have sort of spatially arranged this little section of Pocahontas County, but I think we said the Green Bank Telescope is just like a few miles, like maybe no more than like ten miles from Kepler?
Justin: Yeah, yeah.
Griffin: I think we established in the worldbuilding episode that Kepler is kind of where the scientists who used to work there at the observatory actually lived and made their home, so I imagine it would have to be close enough to commute. So it’s not a super long drive for you to get out there. Are you taking, does— you have a skateboard, I guess you’re taking the... forest service? They have cars?
Justin: Yeah, I’d probably take their car.
Griffin: Mmkay. Um, yeah, so it’s a pretty short drive. And, I don’t know how many times Duck has made this drive, but there’s, like, there’s this eerie thing that happens when you approach it, when really it kind of comes into view, where the small handful of AM radio stations you can get access to in the Quiet Zone here, like, instantly fall off. You see the telescope, it is humbling in size and there are these signs that kind of line the road approaching that are warning folks to disable all their electronic devices before entering the perimeter. You also pass by sort of the tourist-friendly part of the observatory, which is a much larger sort of building where you can learn about the telescope and all that jazz, but that is not actually within the perimeter of the gate. Which, as you approach, there is a security gate. You are a good, like, quarter mile from the telescope itself. That is how big, like, the boundary around it is. And a guard comes out of the little booth here, and she’s holding a clipboard, and she gives you the little, like, window-roll-down hand signal. And she says,
Telescope Guard: [in a Minnesotan accent] Oh hi there, welcome. What can I do for ya?
Travis: Oh I like this person immediately.
Clint: [in a Minnesotan accent] She’s from Fargo!
Justin: She’s very likeable.
Duck: Uh, hey. Um, yeah, Duck Newton, I had some, uh, we had some tracks. Believe it or not, we got a, a, a bear that’s— [sigh] We got a wounded bear.
Telescope Guard: Oh no!
Duck: That’s— it’s rabid. It’s gone rabid, and it’s wounded, and it’s rabid, so that’s a bad— I don’t need to tell— you know, you know well as I, you and me both know that’s a bad situation.
Telescope Guard: Oh it’s not great, yeah.
Duck: There’s a bear and I just need to go in and look for the bear and it could be anywhere and I got— time is of the essence.
Telescope Guard: Well, we got a nice big—
Travis: [laughing] He did sound like he said Tums are of the essence!
Griffin: It may be! Both of them may be. Uh, she says,
Telescope Guard: Oh, well I— don’t you worry about that none. We got a big old fence with a lot of barbed wire on top of it and any bear that could make it over that is a bear I’d like to meet, I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you that much, don’t ya know.
Duck: You don’t understand, it’s— it’s endangered and I have to account for its bearabouts— whereabouts, shit. [sigh] [Travis laughs]
Griffin: Uh, I think this is Manipulate a Person? It’s definitely not your truth-telling power, your Convince Somebody of Harm.
Justin: Yeah, it ain’t that for sure.
Griffin: There may be an injured, rabid bear somewhere, but you don’t know it.
Justin: I’ll be damned.
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: That’s a big old ten-ski, oh jeez.
Justin: I got a 10, I can’t believe that worked!
Griffin: I can’t either. [Travis and Clint laugh] Plus Charm what’s your—
Travis: What a good episode.
Justin: A 12!
Griffin: Yeah, shit, alright. Oh, by the way, boys, go back and listen to the last episode, there were a lot of failures and I forgot to remind you all to mark XP, which is an important thing in the game which I have been sleeping on, so. Or maybe just, like, ask, because the audience, I’m sure, is paying attention to that stuff a lot [crosstalk] more.
Travis: [crosstalk] What level am I supposed to be? Tweet at me now @justinmcelroy.
Griffin: [laughs] Yeah, so, okay, yeah.
Justin: Explain Homestuck to me. Tweet at me now @travismcelroy [laughter]
Griffin: Oh Jesus, alright.
Justin: Spare no detail.
Travis: I actually am really into vore, @griffinmcelroy.
Griffin: Okay, cool. Uh, at a 10+ they’ll do it for the reason you gave them [laughs], okay.
Telescope Guard: Now tell me, is this bear big enough to—
Justin: I, I like how the rules of Monster of the Week, and probably everything in the system, but, like, rules of Monster of the Week make it so, like
Griffin: I can’t do shit?
Justin:, the only narrative justification is that this person’s a dipshit. [laughs] It’s like, just, it puts a dipshit into the world, it forces your hand.
Griffin: No, I think she care very much about endangered animals, and she says—
Justin: Okay.
Telescope Guard: Well, uh, are you— [sighs] I’m really not supposed to let anyone through that’s not on the clipboard. Can you make it quick, can you just be in and out before my supervisors find out over there?
Duck: Uh, I’ll be in just as quick as anybody else that could be, uh, terribly injured by a rabid bear.
Telescope Guard: Yeah, wish you could take the car in with ya, so that’d give you some protection, but—
Duck: Oh, I can’t take the— ah, shit.
Telescope Guard: Well, is there electronics in your car? You pedalling that thing with your feet, mister? So yeah, you’re— so yeah, you’ll park it here, and I’ll watch it for you.
Duck: Yeah, all right, thanks.
Telescope Guard: You got a gun or something, mister? I mean, it seems like— I don’t want to tell you how to do your job, but if you’re going up against a big rabid injured, endangered bear, then it seems like you’d want to have some kind of ways of defending yourself, doncha know?
Justin: I start walking in and I look back over my shoulder and say,
Duck: I got the only weapon I need hiding like a chicken shit.
Justin: And then I walk in.
Griffin: All right. Ok, you’re inside the perimeter now, and there are sort of three main points of interest. Again, like, it’s a quarter mile stretch to the telescope itself, so this is a huge perimeter, but it is mostly just open empty field, because the telescope needs a pretty wide berth to do its job. So just off to the right, actually, as you enter, there is a branch of the road that leads down a short way to what looks like a big pile of broken machinery, or something? You can’t really tell what it is from a distance. And then following that road closer to the telescope there’s another branch that goes off to the left, and you see this secure looking building, like a pretty small secure looking building that seems to be the only building that’s actually within the perimeter. And then of course there’s the telescope itself, which is just like a awe-inspiring piece of technology. It’s like— the dish is five stories up from the ground, its diameter is 100 meters with this massive reflector arm that stretches up another 70 feet. It is just this huge, huge thing that is kind of at the very center of this whole compound.
Justin: I think I’m going to investigate the machinery, see what’s going on with that.
Griffin: It takes you a little bit to walk over there and the road actually sort of terminates a good distance away from where this thing is. And as you get there, you actually realise that it is cast in bronze or something to be kind of a statue or like a memorial in the shape of this big pile of broken machinery.
Justin: Huh.
Griffin: And there is a stone plaque on the ground and it reads, “Green Bank Observatory 300 foot telescope collapsed November 15, 1988.”
Justin: So does it seem from— that this is like a miniaturized version of that, or does it seem like one-to-one—
Griffin: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, the— this is the actual Green Bank history, like there were a few telescopes that were built here before the—
Justin: Ok.
Griffin: the big, big, big motherfucker that’s there now.
Justin: [crosstalk] Anything seem stra—
Travis: [crosstalk] That’s its proper name, its scientific name. “The Big Motherfucker.”
Griffin: Telescopes have like the most bonkers names, because some of them are “The Very Big Telescope,” that’s not a joke.
Justin: Um, does anything seem weird?
Griffin: No, this— this seems like a— this just seems like a memorial for a thing that happened on the grounds here. You do not— I will give you that without a roll or anything, it is just a little statue thing.
Justin: Was there something besides the telescope? There was one other thing.
Griffin: There was a building that is— the telescope—
Justin: [crosstalk] Yeah, yeah, yeah, the secure building.
Griffin: The telescope’s just the telescope, there’s no— again, like, they have to give it a wide berth, so it’s really just this telescope that’s held up by this latticework of metal that again goes up like five stories, but there’s not a place to go into, it’s just the telescope. The place to go into is this sturdy looking longhouse.
Justin: Yeah, I’m going to go check that out.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Justin: Check out the secure building.
Griffin: All right. You walk down the road. You know, it takes a bit, it’s a very long road, and—
Travis: If you— if anyone listening to this is curious, look at pictures of the Green Bank Telescope, it’s bonkers.
Griffin: It’s so cool. I got to see it once. Ok, Duck, you feel like as you are walking closer to this thing, and you don’t know if this is like something that is supposed to happen as you approach this thing, you’re getting kind of a headache. And not like a— it’s not like a pressure headache, it’s actually, it feels like the opposite of that. I don’t know if you’ve ever felt something like this, it’s more of like a deflation headache, and it’s kind of subtle, but weirdly though your head is hurting, you’re actually feeling kind of charged, kind of good, kind of energized as you get closer and closer to this thing. And you reach the— you branch off the road and you go towards the observatory building. It— again, it’s just so—dd it’s just a featureless, very functional building. There is a single large thick window looking out towards the telescope, reinforced glass, you can kind of tell. And there is just a big heavy metal door at the end of the road with a keypad next to it, which maybe looks imposing until you realise there’s a coffee can wedged in the door that’s holding it open, and just off to the side of the door there is a woman and she is sitting in a cheap vinyl folding chair. She’s wearing a black Megadeth t-shirt under a lab coat, and she’s reading a Nat Geo, which she lowers as you approach and she says,
Dr. Drake: [in a West Virginian accent] Can I, uh— can I help you with something?
Duck: Yeah, um, you spot any bears around here?
Dr. Drake: Did I spot—
Duck: I’m a forest ranger. A real one. Have you spotted any bears around here?
Dr. Drake: [incredulously] Have I seen any— have I seen any bears around here?
Duck: Yeah, we had a— we had a bear, uh. A rabid bear, real mean sonuvabitch, come up through here, and they said at the— down there they said he ate through the gate and came charging up this way and that I should leave no stone unturned.
Dr. Drake: I mean, we don’t have that many stones out here.
Duck: It was a metaphor.
Dr. Drake: Yeah. Hey, can you take off your hat for me?
Duck: Oh! Yeah, right on. Sorry, wasn’t being respectful.
Justin: And I remove my hat.
Griffin: And she says,
Dr. Drake: Holy shit! Is that you? Is that Duck Newton?
Duck: Yeah, yeah, it’s me! I’m sorry, I’m not—
Dr. Drake: I thought you died, man!
Duck: Uh, what? Why would you think I died?
Dr. Drake: I don’t know, just scuttlebutt going around. Man, I haven’t seen you in years!
Duck: Yeah, I’ve been out in the forest.
Griffin: How much does Duck remember from high school? How much— I’m trying to— I don’t know if you would— I don’t know how to rectify this.
Justin: He was high for a lot of it.
Griffin: Ok. She says,
Dr. Drake: Man, it’s me, it’s Sara Drake. We were lab partners for like, man, just a long time in—
Duck: Aw, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! We dissected the frog, right?
Dr. Drake: Yeah, yeah! It’s— I apparently stuck with the scientific arts a little bit more closely than you did, but— oh my god, it’s so good to see you, Duck! What are you— so, you’re looking for a bear?
Duck: Yeah. There was a bear and— you know, I was kind of using it— can I be honest?
Dr. Drake: Yeah?
Duck: I was kind of using it as an excuse to come up here. What I’m really interested in is the telescope. Uh, we just had a bear [exhales] in the region. But since— I just used it as an excuse to come up here, cause I was kind of wanting to get a better look at aaallllll... the science.
Dr. Drake: Well— I mean—
Travis: [laughing] Did Duck just say there was a bear somewhere in the woods—
Griffin: Yeah, that’s good. It’s— then that’s— everything you just said is the truth. She says,
Dr. Drake: Well, yeah, I mean, I’ll do anything for an old lab partner. [intensely] Don’t you— do not touch anything though, okay, [crosstalk] because folks will notice. Folks are real particular about that shit.
Duck: Yeah, of course. No, no, no. Yeah.
Dr. Drake: Okay. Well, you’re—
Duck: Take me to your leader, right? I get to type in, “take me to your leader” or something. [Amnesty theme fades in]
Dr. Drake: No, that’s explicitly what I’m talking about, Duck, don’t— please don’t do that.
Duck: Yeah, no, I was just— sorry, Sara. Sorry. [music fades out]
Griffin: Aubrey.
Travis: That’s me! I’m back!
Griffin: You were going to go look for the— we had talk about you looking for the resort?
Travis: Yeah, so I’m still waiting, I don’t know, to come back and check with Janelle, I guess,
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: to see if she has done anything. So in the meantime, I pop back through the gate and I’m there in Resort Alley or wherever—
Griffin: Okay. We should— we should’ve established something, because we’re kind of breaking canon a little bit. Cause i’m imagining— this is like— I think this is still during the day, and I think we’ve talked about the gate being activated by moonlight, and opening up. And as much as Aubrey goes through there, like— does Aubrey— can Aubrey open the gate at will? Does Aubrey’s Sylvan magic allow her— what’s the—
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Yeah, I think we should probably [laugh] make that rule. Okay.
Travis: Yeah, you know, Griffin, now that you mention it, I think that’s exactly what it is.
Griffin: Yeah, great. Aubrey has cool gate opening powers.
Travis: They gave her a special fob that she can just wave at it and it lets her in.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: It has embedded moonlight, shut up.
Griffin: So, you were gonna head and look for the place where Ned had his encounter with this—
Travis: Yeah, so we talked about, you know, it’s— it felt, when he described it, it felt very abandoned hotel-y, abandoned resort-y, so Aubrey’s kind of scouting out any buildings that seem like they would have a bunch of individual offices or rooms nearby that are— that seems abandoned or emptied or even if there’s like a wing that’s being renovated, anything like that.
Griffin: I mean, on Resort Road, there are a lot of abandoned buildings, a lot of abandoned hotels. There’s probably like a dozen that you can see, and they’re all these alpine-inspired ski lodges and, you know, little houses and hotels and all kinds of stuff. I would say, out of the dozen here, the two of them that are closest to the road, that are closest to the actual mountain, are still open.
Travis: Aubrey closes her eyes to remember, as Ned described the building he was in to them, did he mention any kind of colour scheme or paint that she would recognise. And now she listens closely for his voice in her memory
Ned: [in a slow, drawn-out voice] Wood paneling!
Travis: She remembers wood paneling.
Ned: Very light coloured wood paneling!
Travis: There was light coloured wood paneling, I want to say.
Ned: Maybe a little bit of, you know, wainscoting [pronounced “wain-scotting”], maybe, just a little.
Travis: And some wainscoting [pronounced “wain-scote-ing”].
Ned: For highlighting— scoting, sorry.
Travis: It’s okay.
Ned: And it was very pretty. Very warm.
Travis: With that evocative description in mind, Griffin, does that— and Aubrey opens her eyes and looks.
Griffin: Weirdly, they all— they all have light wood paneling. It’s crazy.
Travis: Oh no!
Griffin: No, I would say— okay, I’ll give you that. I think that Ned would describe where it was, and I think it was— it was fairly dark during his chase, but he definitely would be able to see wood paneling and stuff like that. I think that would narrow it down to just a handful. There’s like three. As you can kind of look in through the boards, you can see like three of them have these wood panels.
Ned: Thick shag carpeting!
Travis: You know, with the description she’s gotten from him, if she— you know, Aubrey seems like the kind of person— this is what I would do.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Of like, this one feels right.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Travis: You know? Like, you get there and it’s just like, mmm, wei— aww, yeah, this one’s it. So if we’ve narrowed it down to three, I’m gonna say that she’s going on her gut.
Griffin: Well, let’s do this. Why don’t you use magic, cause there’s a thing in there for— right? Like, observe—
Travis: Oh, another place it— yeah, yeah, yeah.
Griffin: Right? This is— you’re talking about a feeling, but I think for the spell-slinging Aubrey, this would be a little bit more than that. Uh-oh.
Travis: Uh, well, but— so it’s a 4. But I have plus 3 for weird, so it’s a 7.
Griffin: Oh, do you?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Wow, you’ve really min-maxed the fuck out of this character. I didn’t even know you could do that in Monster of the Week.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, with a 7, what is it— there is a glitch. It has a problematic side effect, it draws immediate unwelcome attention... Huh. How about... it draws immediate unwelcome attention. And you figure it out. You feel with your magical intuition which building it is, it has a sign— a fairly rotted out wooden sign at this point, and it’s called The Englenook Hotel, and you just know, this was it, this was the building. And as you open your eyes, you see this building, you see this sign, and then you also see Eugene, the— who works over at the ski lodge, who I don’t know if you’ve had any— he wasn’t there during the soup— you weren’t there during the soup adventure, so I don’t know if you’ve met Eugene. But he says,
Eugene: I’d stay out of the Englenook if I was you!
Aubrey: So— sorry?
Eugene: I’d stay out of the Englenook Resort if I was you.
Aubrey: Okay. Why? Why do you say that?
Griffin: I don’t remember if this was what he sounds like, but it’s what I want him to s— [crosstalk] maybe now he’s— he’s eating peanut butter.
Travis: [crosstalk] Yeah, I’m really enjoying it.
Eugene: You know, there’s— you know about the aliens. There’s aliens, and they took me up, I told you bout it— ok.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Yeah. Yup, yup, yup. Uh-huh.
Eugene: Uh, I’ve been told lately that I’ve been putting people off with how much I tell my alien story, but it’s— this is— if you get picked up by aliens—
Aubrey: No, it’s really— it’s more about, like, if you want to be interesting, you need to be interested, and like— you just keep talking about yourself, and your alien experiences, and you haven’t even asked me about my alien experiences.
Eugene: Aw shoot, you’re right. All right. So, yeah, I saw some flashing lights in there, so I think maybe its, you know, some teens go in there, take some selfies, or, maybe it’s the— maybe it’s the aliens with some sort of flash gun. So, yeah. Just— oh, also, it’s an abandoned building, so I don’t think you should be poking— I’m not— Eugene’s no narc, but, you know.
Aubrey: Well, yeah, it’s kind of why I’m investigating, you know, I got some friends that work downtown in the zoning board
Griffin: Kay.
Aubrey: and they’re looking to kind of des— to do a big renovation here and sell it to an investor as an office building, but they sent me up here to kind of check out the wiring first,
Griffin: Okay.
Aubrey: there’s some issues with the flashes.
Griffin: Okay. He nods, and says,
Eugene: I gotta get back to the lodge, but it was nice to see or meet you, one of the two.
Aubrey: Same! You know, I— maybe we know each other, maybe it’s just the stories about you have preceded you, but you really live up to the hype. [crosstalk] You seem like a great guy.
Eugene: [crosstalk] We’re all just dust— we’re all just dust in the wind, man.
Aubrey: That’s beautiful! I hope we hang out more later.
Eugene: We won’t.
Aubrey: Okay!
Griffin: And he leaves.
Clint: As a side note, did he have Braxton with him?
Griffin: Who?
Clint: His dog, Braxton!
Griffin: Oh, sh— man. Dad’s been so on the lore shit this— [crosstalk] no, not— Yes, he was taking—
Travis: [crosstalk] I just told— before we started recording, I’d written down in my margins “Ned’s scarf” and I was like “Why?” and Dad was like, “Here’s why!” And he gave like an amazing ba— I was like, “Oh, shit! Dad’s paying attention!”
Griffin: Yeah. Yes, he was walking the dog. Aubrey, how are you getting in here? Every entrance is boarded pretty well up, you don’t really see an obvious entrance.
Travis: I’m going to once more use magic.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: There’s a Use Magic element of Do Something Beyond Normal Strength? [crosstalk] To like pull some boards.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah, Beyond Human Limitations. So like this would be— I would not give you that to, like, ‘I punch the monster so hard it explodes,’ but I will give you—
Travis: [crosstalk] No, but I’m gonna try to kick open a door.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Gimme that roll.
Travis: That’s a 9, plus 3, a 12.
Griffin: 12. [mimics crashing noise] You kick the front— front door?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Back door? Side door? Front door.
Travis: All of ‘em! With a 12? [Griffin laughing] [eerie music fades in]
Griffin: You kick the front door open and—
Travis: No, I’m doing back door, I— Aubrey’s B&E’d before.
Griffin: Okay. You have?
Travis: Maybe. You don’t know.
Griffin: Ooh! Okay. You kick the door open and head inside. [music fades out]
Griffin: Ned, we are— I mean, what do you want to do now? I want to leave this sort of sequence— I think it’s right after you just got the key from Boyd and left, and—obviously we saw some stuff that Ned did not see.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: So you— what are you doing?
Clint: Well, I think he would make a beeline for wherever the— is a post office box? Is it a locker key? Does he know?
Griffin: It’s a deposit box at the bank. There’s a—
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: a small bank, I imagine, down on riverside somewhere in Kepler. Probably close-ish to City Hall.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: Called the Second Bank of Kepler but the First Bank shut down a while ago.
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: And this isn’t even the— this is like the fifth Second Bank of Kepler.
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: It’s a chain.
Griffin: It’s the Fifth Second Methodist Bank of Kepler, West Virginia. [Clint and Travis laughing]
Travis: Our Lady of Bank.
Griffin: Yes. Okay, yeah, you walk in and there’s just like a— you know, it’s a fairly small, fairly humble bank, there’s a single teller who sees you come in and he says,
Teller: [in a low, bored voice] What can I do for ya?
Ned: Uh, yes, my good man, I’m just here to check on the contents of this safety deposit box.
Teller: [sighs] Yeah, all right.
Griffin: And he hands out his— he holds out his hand and takes a look at the fob and notes the number on it, and then you see him pull out this big ledger and he flips through it and hands you a pen and turns the book around and— to, like, sign it out, and— weirdly enough, this page for Box 454 has already been signed in by you from earlier today. The handwriting is different, but it says “Ned Chicane” on it from earlier today.
Clint: Not a good sign. [Griffin laughs] Not a good sign.
Ned: Sure! Yes. Ned “Trustworthy” Chicane. There you go.
Griffin: The manager doesn’t even acknowledge your goof, and closes the book and walks with you into a secure room and he walks over to box 454 and he sticks his key inside of one lock that’s on the box, and it’s— it’s a pretty large box, it’s on the ground level. And he gestures for you to do the same to the other box, which I imagine you do.
Clint: Right. Turn it— no— to the left or the right? Or have we already done that bit?
Griffin: We’ve done that bit so many times. Yeah, he slides it out of the wall and he places it up on the table with surprisingly little effort, and he sets it down and walks over to the door and sort of gives you a little bit of privacy.
Clint: All right. Well. I’m pretty sure what I’m going to find when I open this, but he opens the box.
Griffin: There’s nothing in the box. It’s completely empty.
Clint: [dramatically] Nooooo! [resigned] Yep. Figured.
Griffin: So what does Ned want to do now?
Clint: Ned’s going to Investigate a Mystery.
Griffin: [laughing] Okay.
Clint: Ned’s going to Investigate a Mystery because one of the questions you can ask is “Where did it go?”
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Perfect.
Clint: That is an 8, plus—
Griffin: Your Sharp.
Clint: Sharp— plus 2! So that’s a 10!
Travis: You’ve done it! You did it, Daddy!
Griffin: [crosstalk] Okay, sick! For Investigate a Mystery, on a 10 plus, you hold 2. So you get to ask two of these questions, and— yeah.
Clint: Where did it go?
Griffin: [hesitates] Um... okay. I think that’s—
Clint: But that’s really about the monster, isn’t it?
Griffin: Well, I’ll give it to you. I think in this case, Ned’s intuition would say that Boyd still has it, and as far as you know, Boyd is still back at the hotel. So like, that is your inclination, and because you made a beeline for here, that is where you assume this thing— the treasure still is.
Ned: [loudly] Where the hell is my stuff?? You! You there! What is your name, teller? Is it Penn? [Clint laughs]
Travis: Aw man, I was gonna make the same joke, Daddy, I’m so proud of us.
Ned: All right, what happened here?
Teller: Uh, what do you mean? What are you talking about?
Ned: Yeah, why the hell isn’t there anything in my box?
Teller: Did you give someone your key or something? Somebody else—
Ned: You know, I rolled a 10,
Teller: Yeah.
Ned: and I had 2 sharp, so I’m pretty sure that you have to tell me something.
Teller: Well, I mean, I just got here, so like, I don’t— I— do you want me to talk— I could call Denny, who was working this morning and see what he says. Would that be helpful? Could I be helpful to you like that?
Ned: Well, let me tell you, somebody has taken the things from my box. I have a regionally successful—
Teller: Did you give your key to someone?
Ned: Wai— hold on, wait a minute, I have a regionally successful television show, and unless you answer my questions and help me out right now, I will completely dishonor this— this— this establishment on my regionally successful television programme!
Teller: Man, I’m just working like 15 hours a week here, it’s— you don’t have to threaten me, I can call Denny up, he’s a cool guy and I like talking to him.
Ned: Fine, call Denny.
Teller: It’s gonna— we have to leave the room, I can’t leave you alone in here cause you might burgle the other ones. This may be a clever ploy.
Ned: Actually, you’re supposed to leave me alone. Have you not worked in this bank very long, Penn?
Teller: I’m giving you privacy! I’m giving you a good 10 foot parameter—
Ned: Yeah, 10 feet, that’s not privacy! That’s—
Teller: Okay.
Ned: That’s being observed! That’s skulking!
Teller: It’s a cordless phone, so I can go get it and come back in here.
Ned: Go get it and come back here, [crosstalk] just hurry up!
Teller: [crosstalk] Yeah, I’ll do that.
Griffin: He does that. He goes and he dials the phone and you hear him talking, and he says,
Teller: Uh huh. Hey, Denny? [laughs] Yeah. That’s great, man. Hey, so I’m here with the— with— [calls from the other room] What was your name?
Ned: Ned “Pissed Off” Chicane!
Teller: Any— Ned “Pissed Off” Chicane. Any— he’s came in her de e, he got his box, and it doesn’t— yeah. [laughs] Oh, man! All right. All right. That’s weird. I don’t know why he— yeah. All right. Cool, man. Talk to you— hey, Game of Thrones Sunday? See you then, partner.
Ned: Any good?
Teller: All right, man. TTYL.
Griffin: And he hangs up.
Teller: Yeah, mystery. Denny said you came in today, he kind of described you perfectly and said you came on in and—
Ned: How did he describe me? I’m curious.
Griffin: What are you wearing right now?
Travis: [suggestively] Ooh!
Clint: [breathily] “Well, jeans— are you wearing jeans?”
Ned: I’m wearing a long winter coat, like a long parka—
Griffin: You don’t have to answer this in character.
Clint: Oh—
Griffin: This is me, Griffin, asking what Ned is wearing.
Clint: He’s wearing a long coat, a very nice, very stylish parka that he got on ebay.
Griffin: What color is it?
Clint: It is— I don’t know, I guess kind of a rust kind of— you know, cause Ned doesn’t really want to go for just the straight primary colors, you know.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay. This guy describes what you are wearing and your general look to the letter.
Teller: Um, so like I don’t— is this a goof? Are you trying to get a free— free service, like, a free subscription to this box? Cause I can—
Ned: Would that work? Is that a possibility?
Teller: Uh, maybe, I can—
Ned: No, no, no. Quit distracting me! No, I— Maybe I bonked the old noggin, and mayb— Look, I— Penn, I apologise. Let— I’m just gonna, you know, retrace my steps and maybe figure out what— what I did with the stuff that I took out of my box. I appreciate your kindness, I appreciate your very laid-back demeanor, but you know what? I’m gonna just go regroup and see if I can figure out where this day went wrong.
Teller: All right, man. It was good to meet you.
Ned: Yeah, yeah! Listen— when your friend Denny was on the phone describing me earlier, I’m curious— did he happen to mention if I was wearing a scarf? I misplaced my scarf, maybe that scarf is the same place where I put the things from the safety deposit box. Any chance he said anything about a scarf? [eerie music fades in]
Teller: Uh yeah, you had a scarf on when you came in this morning. Why is that— why on earth could that possibly have been important?
Ned: Oh, shit. [ad break] [Amnesty theme fades in and out]
Griffin: Duck, we’ll hop back to you now.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: You head into the— this building, this observatory. And again, it’s not like a huge building, there’s like a little lobby as you walk in that really is just sort of an entryway into a few other rooms. You see there’s a little kitchen in here, and a bathroom, and towards the back of this little entryway is a door into what you can see is a security station, and it’s got like six monitors over a panel with a phone on it, and the monitors are overlooking different views around the perimeter here. And then the main room here is the observation lab, which Dr. Drake walks you— opens the door to and walks you inside. And as soon as she opens the door, you are just blasted with freezing air conditioning. And she says,
Dr. Drake: Sorry, we got a whole bunch of server banks in here, and this place—
Duck: Yeah.
Dr. Drake: It would cook us alive without the A/C running, so.
Duck: Yeah, it’ll heat up.
Dr. Drake: Yeah. So what are you curious about? I’m excited, I didn’t know you were a— you know. You weren’t the best lab partner, so I’m surprised that you’re, you know, converting this late in life.
Duck: Yeah, I’m working on a...screenplay.
Dr. Drake: You don’t need to lie anymore, you’re very— you’ve always been extremely bad at it.
Duck: Yeah, all right. [sighs] I need to know more—
Travis: Wait, was that a lie? Or has Duck been working on a screenplay? [Clint laughing]
Duck: No, I’m— I— [exhales] I need to know more about how the telescope works.
Griffin: As Griffin frantically Googles “how does telescope work.”
Duck: Not— not specifically— I— ok, here’s my question. So I know you receive signals from space, and stuff, right?
Dr. Drake: Yeah, that’s sort of the main idea—
Duck: I know it’s a layman’s— It— could the telescope ever emit any— Ok, I’m— I’ll tell you what’s been on my mind. And I know this is so weird, but I had a dream that, like, a beam of light was coming from the telescope. Like, is that just wild? Could it— does it have the capability of doing something like that? Like, emitting something, more than just like receiving?
Dr. Drake: I mean...
Duck: I know it’s silly, but it’s on my mind. And for some reason I can’t stop thinking about it.
Dr. Drake: If anything, it would— all right, first of all,  we don’t send anything, you know, through the— we don’t deal in the visible light spectrum, so the idea of a laser beam, like a Death Star or something like that? Is—
Duck: Yeah.
Dr. Drake: That’s kind of not really what it is designed for. We’re mostly in the radio waves department.
Duck: Right.
Dr. Drake: Hence the name “radio telescope”. But— yeah, I don’t think— I mean, anything that it would send out would A., be in an invisible radio wave, and also probably just a refraction of whatever we collect from deep space. So it’s basically a big ol’ camera, Duck. It’s a camera and a microphone, I guess you could call it. We hear stuff out there sometimes too, but— yeah, that’s. I don’t think this thing’s going to be blasting— it’s not some secret government laser project, if that’s what you’re asking about.
Duck: No, I know it’s not. But of course you wouldn’t tell me if it was, eh?
Dr. Drake: Ahh, wink wink.
Duck: [laughs] Have you noticed anything weird in this area?
Dr. Drake: By “in this area,” do you mean the—
Duck: Just, like, you’re up here a lot, and I’ve seen— I don’t know. I’ve been noticing some weird stuff in town, and I’m sure that word has gotten out to y’all. And I’m just sort of, kinda poking around, not real forestry business, just keeping an ear to the ground, trying to help the Sheriff out. Have you noticed anything strange around here?
Dr. Drake: I gotta be honest with you, Duck, I— I’m here in the lab on the ground, just sort of a lone watchwoman sort of beaming stuff back to the satellite lab, and so I don’t get out a whole lot. It’s mainly just me and the, you know, giant telescope looking up into the heavens and my Nat Geos. So something weird’s going on outside in town? Is that what you said? I haven’t— I ain’t heard nothing about it. There’s plenty of weird stuff up in the cosmos, so I don’t need to go looking for more of it.
Duck: Yeah, it’s weird. There was an attack, a murder, actually, over at the—
Dr. Drake: Oh, Jesus.
Duck: Yeah, I know. It’s intense. So I— I don’t know. I was— I didn’t think any usual forest animals were involved, but, you know, I’m just kind of asking around, wanting everybody to stay safe, that kind of thing.
Dr. Drake: Well, I mean, I can let you know if I hear something, but I don’t know— I guess I don’t know what the telescope’s got to do with it. It’s not— we can’t really— it moves, we can move and point it around at different stuff, but I don’t think we can point it at the ground and look for a murderer. Although maybe— we could hack it in there, maybe, I don’t know. It’s designed to look for things like light years away, so it might be a little too close to shoot down to Kepler, but. Yeah, I’m sorry I can’t be of more help, Duck.
Duck: Yeah, no problem.
Dr. Drake: Do you still want to— do you still want the tour? I can show you—
Duck: Oh, absolutely! Yeah, yeah, yeah, I’d love to know more.
Griffin: She shows you this big screen over a whole desk full of keyboards and dials and little paper readouts, and the screen is just showing a nebula, just this cloud of stars and space gunk. And she says,
Dr. Drake: Yeah, so we’re the biggest moving radio telescope in the world, and so us and sometimes an array of other telescopes, we capture images the likes of which humanity’s never seen before, and there’s a lot to see up there. And— yeah, my job here is I send it all over to the main satellite lab. You know, I keep a few of the stuff I catch out there to myself here—
Griffin: And she gestures over to this little display case over a few of these servers that she has labelled the Hall of Fame. And she says,
Dr. Drake: But, um, yeah, I mean, we’ve got a bathroom and a kitchen, if you’re hungry.
Duck: What’s on the Hall of Fame?
Dr. Drake: Just a few weirder things we’ve found. Somebody found a nebula looks like Mickey Mouse’s head, so we saved that. Server took a picture of that.
Duck: Yeah. What else?
Dr. Drake: You know, weird sounds and stuff. Like echoes of stuff that you— that’s so far away it’s an immeasurable distance away, but we got a big fuckin’ ear here, so we can catch a lot of it.
Duck: Can I hear one?
Dr. Drake: Be my guest. I gotta actually start sending this file, and it’s several thousand googabytes, which is a new size that we had to come up with because of how big our files are. So you can go check it out, I gotta get this upload started. So—
Duck: Oh cool, thanks, yeah.
Griffin: She walks back over to the computer and you check out the Hall of Fame. And there is the mickey mouse nebula, you see that. You see one that is a nebula in the shape of Dennis Farina’s face, and that’s pretty cool.
Justin: Love that guy.
Travis: Is it all people’s face shapes?
Griffin: No, there’s a few little boxes, like these little metal boxes with a play button on them. And the first one that you come to, you press play on and it’s labelled “Baseball,” and you press it and you hear like a— like, and old, probably 1940s broadcast of a baseball game that somehow they just caught in space. And it sounds authentic, obviously it’s pretty distorted because it’s coming from a very long way away. And one of the exhibits that is one of the sound exhibits is labelled “Interstellar Blues.” And it was discovered on August 2nd, 1990.
Justin: Yeah, let me— I’m gonna listen to that. [music fades in]
Griffin: You hear a guitar plucking, and it sounds like it’s really reverbed, and it sounds like it’s coming from really far away. And then as the song sort of picks up from the introduction, you recognise it. You recognise this song as the song that you heard whenever Minerva would show up to talk to you. And then outside, you hear a crash, and from the security room, an alarm begins to sound. [“Interstellar Blues” swells and then fades out]
Griffin: Aubrey, you have made it into the Englenook Hotel.
Travis: I assume there’s no lights or anything.
Griffin: Uh, no, there’s definitely no power in here.
Travis: She does the thing she’s done a couple times now, kind of ignites her fingertips, you know—
Griffin: Oh, sure. You Lumière yourself, essentially.
Travis: Yes, exactly. Yes.
Griffin: Okay. I’m going to give you basically the same layout that I gave Dad. I kind of have it all written down here, sort of the same exact features, which make sense, because it’s the same building. And you came in the back room, right?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay. I think that you would come in through the conference room, then, which is where the rifts were when Ned was here, which he— let’s just assume he described everything that happened in detail to you, right? This is not Ned doing this scene, so we can’t have him notice the differences, but
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: I think you would just— Okay. There are no rifts in this room. The rifts are gone. The only thing that seems weird in this room that Ned did not describe is on the conference room table. There is a single small featureless, kind of baseball-sized silver orb that is just sitting on the center of the table. Otherwise, there is nothing else here.
Travis: There’s no kind of Detect Magic in this game, is there?
Griffin: I mean, you have your Third Eye, so that’s kind of that? There’s also other rooms, this is not the only room in the hotel. But this is what you see in the conference room.
Travis: Yeah, but there’s just this silver ball there, and I want to grab it, but that’s weird.
Clint: [singing, muffled] Ever since I was a young boy, I’ve played the silver ball— oh, sorry.
Travis: All right, thank you Dad. I’m going to say— it’s Read a Bad Situation is what clues in the Third Eye for Aubrey,
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: so I’m gonna do that.
Griffin: Roll plus Sharp.
Travis: Nope.
Griffin: Mark experience. That’s a 3, plus Sharp, which is—
Travis: Plus 1. So, 4 total.
Griffin: Hard move time. You approach this thing to figure out what it is, and you hear it beep, and then it flashes so— it’s like a phosphorus grenade, you cannot see anything and then you feel like a— you just got hit by a very small semi-truck right in the gut. And you take 2 harm as you are sort of sent backwards into the wall as this ball collides with you in your flashed state.
Travis: The harm decreases by 1 [crosstalk] because of my sick vest.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Oh right, yes, you have your— Yes. Yes, it protects you. You hear the vest sort of twinkle, I guess, it shimmers as you take the blow. What do you do? You hear this steady sort of humming noise coming from where the ball is, and I think your vision is starting to clear up a little bit now.
Travis: What can I see now?
Griffin: You see the orb that is sort of flown away, it’s sort of hovering now on the other end of the room. It seems to be doing sort of a parabola, it’s arcing away from you to arc right back.
Travis: I see. It’s coming back at me?
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: I run deeper into the hotel.
Griffin: Okay. You make it into the lobby and I think this thing is hot on your heels. In the lobby, you see the same just detritus that Ned described, nothing else unusual here. There is a desk leading into the office, and the door— this big heavy wooden door into the office is currently open. And then there are stairs leading up to the second floor. I will also give you, in the office you see— you see... What do you see? You see something weird in the office. You see a piece of paper that is— it looks like it’s stuck to the wall on the inside of the office. That is all that you can see and hear. And then there’s also the front door, which is all sealed up, and the windows, too.
Travis: I see. And so this thing’s right behind me, right?
Griffin: Oh yeah.
Travis: I’m still— I run up the stairs.
Griffin: Okay. I think Act Under Pressure. I think if you’re making this— if you’re moving this much in the house, this thing is very— oh, Jeez, Trav.
Travis: Yup.
Griffin: That’s a 4.
Travis: I have a plus 0 for Act Under Pressure.
Griffin: Yeah. So mark Experience again. Aubrey may not survive this one, but she sure is gonna go out with a lot of notches on the ol’ experience belt. This— this thing manages to just lap you, just flies right past you as you’re heading up the stairs, and then like a fuckin’ Home Alone paint can, just smashes into you. And it flashes right before it does it again, and now your vision is very much gone, and you actually are sent sailing backwards into a coffee table. And you feel something sharp in your leg and you take 3 harm.
Travis: Whoo! So that’s 2 more harm, so this hurts. But here’s the thing— that experience—
Griffin: Yeah?
Travis: Levelled me up.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And so Aubrey, as she’s sitting there, hurt and bleeding, looks at the thing and raises her hand and just says,
Aubrey: Stop!
Travis: And, let’s see— yes, lightning arcs out from her fingertips.
Griffin: Oh shit! Is this your level up?
Travis: Yeah, so I’m going to take another move from the Spellslinger book and add Lightning or Entropy to my effects that I can do with my spells.
Griffin: Cool! I like that a lot. Add plus 1 harm, messy to a base.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. I’m going to give you a Final Fantasy-type weakness advantage here, where you send some Palpatine shit up at it, and instantly it just falls to the ground and rolls and then it starts to sparkle, kind of like one of those shitty ground fireworks, and then there is just little black chunks of burnt metal laying on the floor where it used to be.
Aubrey: Holy shit!
Griffin: You have a not-insignificant splinter of wood in your leg that is feeling very bad. Where are you at, harm-wise?
Travis: I’ve got four out of seven, so pretty bad.
Griffin: Yeah, you’re on—
Travis: But not as bad as it could be!
Griffin: No, you are unstable, though,
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: which is not great. That’s a mechanic in this game, where if you don’t fix it or seek treatment or something, it’s going to get worse.
Travis: So even though I’m hurt pretty bad, I still feel like I haven’t done my purpose in coming here.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Yeah, you’re a fucking badass hero, right? It’s not like Buffy gets punched and is like “Aw, fuck, I gotta go home. Bye.”
Travis: So the rifts are gone.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: And I’m— I’m going to go deeper into the hotel. The rooms are on the second floor of the hotel, right? I assume—
Griffin: There’s the rooms on the second floor and then on the first floor all there is is the office behind the desk.
Travis: Well then I’m going to check there before I go upstairs. I limp on over.
Griffin: Okay. You head on over to the office and you were incorrect when you sort of first looked in the window and thought there was a piece of paper stuck to the wall. There is no paper stuck to the wall, there are many pieces of paper that are suspended in the air, just floating weightlessly, statickly pinned all around this room, held up by these very very small pinpricks of white light all over the room. And some of them are stacked up neatly against the walls—
Travis: Is this a conspiracy dungeon?
Griffin: Again, there’s no red rope connecting them, it’s just like magic floating paper of different types all over everywhere.
Travis: But it’s a bunch of notes. Are they written? Is it clippings? What am I looking—
Griffin: I mean, yeah, there’s newspaper, I think you— this is not a roll, I think you’re able to see with your finger flames. There are some newspaper articles about the recent disasters, there is a— there are flyers for the Cryptonomica, there are a bunch of articles and clippings and flyers about the Green Bank Telescope with a map showing it and newspaper articles about it. There’s one newspaper article about— apparently it collapsed back in 1988, and then I think most concerningly, there are photos of you and Duck and Ned that are all attached to what appear to be dossiers, and at the bottom of each of those you notice are signatures from Agent Stern. That is what is in this room.
Travis: Okay. Well, I’m going to say she just starts grabbing stuff out of the air.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you’re able to do that, it’s not a problem.
Travis: And once she feels like she has a significant amount, I feel like this is a pretty good find to take on back to the lodge and seek some help.
Griffin: Okay. Are you leaving?
Travis: She made a find and she’s hurt, so yes.
Griffin: Sure. There— as you are walking out toward the back door that you came in, you walk through the rift room again, and there is one. There is a rift that is open, and you see inside of it— I think this is— it’s open enough for you to see through, and you see what appears to be the currently closed main room of the Cryptonomica.
Travis: She jumps through it.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: That’s exactly what I would do!
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you’re—
Travis: Because if it’s open, that’s where he— that’s where it is, that’s where the thing is.
Griffin: Okay. You jump through it, and then I think you also smell that sulfur-y smell as it just vanishes behind you, and now you are standing in the Cryptonomica, and sure enough it’s closed. You don’t appear to see anybody here. I’m not sure where Billy is, I’m not sure where Billy goes when it’s closed, but there is nobody in here.
Travis: Then I head towards the back, but I’ve got Snitch in my hand ready to go.
Griffin: Okay. We see Aubrey walking in the darkened room holding a knife like she’s in the Warriors. You head towards the back, and there is a door in the back of the room that every other time that you’ve been in the Cryptonomica, it has been securely sealed shut, and for whatever reason, right now it is open. And you see a small faint light coming from inside.
Travis: I mean, yeah, shit, I’m not going to stop walking now. But I’m trying to be quiet, even though I’m also limping.
Griffin: Yeah. You walk into this room, and it’s— it’s just full of stuff. The first thing that stands out is that light that you saw from outside, it’s the screen of Thacker’s laptop, the one that Mama asked Ned to get earlier today, and then he just vanished. But that is not even the most wild thing in this room. [music fades in] You see— you just see all these things. Ned’s always talking about his treasures and trophies, right? But like this is the first time that you’ve actually seen them all arranged, and that he’s not lying. There is an Oscar, there is some movie props that you actually recognize, there’s actually a lot of valuable stuff in here. You also see some art of different types, and the most stand-out part of that collection is this very ornate sculpture of a tree with a figure sitting under it. And tucked below all these shelves you see some boxes, one of which is pulled out from the rest, and inside you see several dozen fake IDs, all featuring Ned’s picture but a bunch of different names and locales. And then at the end of this room, there is a coat rack. And hanging on this coat rack there’s a tuxedo that you’re pretty sure a Bond wore in one of those movies, but that is not what catches your eye the most. The light actually from the monitor catches it and flashes red across your face, and you haven’t seen it in years, but it is right here, slipped over the hook of this coat rack. You find the Flame Bright Pendant. [music fades out]
Griffin: Ned, what are you doing?
Clint: Well, I think he has to go back and look for Boyd, but again, I think he knows what he’s going to find when he gets there.
Griffin: I mean, why would Ned think that?
Clint: Well, because if the Ned before was wearing the scarf, he remembers that he left the scarf— the last time he saw the scarf was with the shape-changing monster.
Griffin: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that’s right. Yes. Fair. Okay, I just figured out how you’ve connected the dots.
Clint: Thank you.
Griffin: Okay. You head back to Boyd’s room at the— Justin, what was the name of the hotel that you stayed at that one time? The—
Justin: The Count Gilu.
Griffin: The Count Gilu—
Clint: Hotel. Hotel.
Griffin: The beautiful Count Gilu Hotel. Hotel.
Justin: Hotel.
Griffin: And, yeah, you show up to his room and, I mean, it’s a hotel room with the door shut, so it is locked.
Clint: Well then, guess what I have to do? I have to use my lock-picking skills.
Griffin: We established in the last episode that you are fucking good at this, because you cracked Mama’s safe in no time at all, so I think— because of the class you are playing, I think this is an automatic, yeah, you pop the lock.
Clint: Okay. Sproing!
Griffin: You’re not— you’re not— So the argument is that a burglary— is this a burglary? Cause if it’s a burglary, you should use your burglar power, but otherwise— [crosstalk] Yeah, I don’t know.
Clint: [crosstalk] Okay. I’ll just open the room and start searching.
Griffin: Okay. You walk into the room and the— it’s empty. It has not been turned over yet, this room, you can tell because there’s— the bed is unmade and there’s some stuff laying around. And the closet door is open. And as you walk closer to the closet door, you find—
Ned: Aww, dammit, Mosche.
Griffin: —the body of your former partner, Boyd Mosche.
Clint: Okay, now I’ve gotta do some kind of investigate here, because I’ve gotta know what killed him.
Griffin: Okay. Roll a— roll plus Sharp.
Clint: 5 plus 2 is a 7.
Griffin: ‘Kay. With a 7 on investigate a mystery, you hold one. So you get to ask one of these questions.
Clint: What happened here?
Griffin: You said you were specifically trying to figure out how he died?
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: You see— you see handprints. Around his neck and you can just tell, like— the way that he is leaning, and I don’t want to get like, grossly descriptive with his death, but his— his neck was— broken. And that is what killed him; and that is what you can tell happened here. I think you can also— there’s a smell in the air, and the smell is a bit sulfurous, I think. Not sulfurous, it’s almost like burned... steak or something like that, and that is a smell that you have smelled everytime that- when you were in the rift room in the hotel, like you smelled it a lot. So—
Clint: Yeah, like a Golden Corral [crosstalk] kinda thing.
Griffin: [crosstalk] Yeah, smells like a— the rifts smell like a Golden Corral. So you definitely get that too. And then you get a knock at the door into Boyd’s hotel room.
Ned: To— um, uh. [Yelling] Who is it?
Manager: Uh, Mr. Mosche? It’s uh, it’s me, a manager. You were supposed to check out an hour ago. You doing alright in there?
Ned: [Faking an accent] Oh, I’m so sorry, uh, old bean, I um— [Someone clapping in amusement] I have taken a bit ill— I’ve got a bit of the vapors, um—
Justin: Ex— excuse me, timeout! Did he just say, “it’s me, a manager”? [Laughing]
Griffin: The manager!
Clint: The! [Laughs] Um—
Ned: Yes, uh, [stutters] is there anyway possible I could have a little more time— uh— I’m really ill and your—
Manager: [muffled] Can you open the—
Ned: I really need a little time.
Manager: Why are you yelling at me through— open the door and we can talk about— I mean, I’ll have to charge you for another day.
Ned: I am covered in vomit. And I don’t— You don’t wanna see me— gotta go, please—!
Manager: [stuttering] Alright— uh— oh, gosh.
Griffin: Manipulate Someone, I think definitely.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: The reason you’re giving them is that there is— there is a yartz situation. [Travis laughs] This is +Charm.
Travis: +Yartz.
Clint: 6 plus 2, 8.
Justin: So in the fiction of this game, dad’s just charming enough to pull off vomiting all over— [laughs] the room! [Clint laughs]
Griffin: They’ll do something for you right now— they’ll do it, but only if you do something right now to show them that you mean it. Says,
Manager: Can you like— I dunno. Can you slip some money under the door, or something? It’s just— it’s 35 bucks, it ain’t, you know, gonna break the bank.
Ned: You want me to give you—!
Manager: You have to pay for another day, man! Do you want me, a manager, to get upset at you?
Ned: Um— I tell you what, um—
Justin: Do we have the amount of money that we have physically set, like, we never have to spend money on anything. In the context of this game, money is useless to you. Just [crosstalk] spend it.
Travis: [crosstalk] Just give him 35 dollars!
Justin: [crosstalk] Say you have 35 dollars!
Travis: [crosstalk] It’s not like that means you, Clint, have to spend two hours
Justin: Yeah!
Travis: working at the Cryptonomica to earn it back.
Justin: [Laughing] Yeah, we’re not gonna go to Fantasy Costco!
Clint: Okay—
Justin: Fucking give him 35 dollars!
Clint: It’s got that little barricade thing that keeps the door from opening all the way, and Ned hands him two twenties.
Griffin: Okay.
Manager: Alright man, I’m—
Ned: [Yelling] And I expect extra chocolates on my pillow tomorrow!
Manager: Why are you eating chocolate if you’re barfing and stuff? It’s not good for—
Ned: What are y— That’s what I’m barfing! [crosstalk] Is the chocolate!
Manager: [crosstalk] Hey, where’d your accent go, man?
Ned: I— [resumes accent] I’m barfing up chocolate, you bastard!
Justin: There’s a new ringtone for me, thank you.
Travis: Yup!
Manager: Alright, I’m leaving.
Griffin: And he walks away.
Ned: [Barfing noise.] Good! Good! Begone, knave!
Griffin: And now you’re just alone in this room with the body of your former partner, and— you— how are you feeling, how are you feeling seeing Boyd in this way?
Clint: Ned is not good with sorrow and grief and is— he’s kinda down! I mean, he hated Mosche on one level, but he was... a friend... and he’s  fl— Okay, alright, here’s what it is he uh— he’s flashing back to when Boyd gave him the key and put his arm around him and he had a flashback to how it used to be, and how they were comrades in arms, and that’s when Ned realizes— wait a minute. That must have been the bom-bom, all along. And the bom-bom had his arm around him and was pretending to be all buddy-buddy. So I think Ned goes from being kinda sad about Boyd to being— grossed out and— and kinda pissed about the whole thing.
Griffin: Yeah, I think as you are sort of galaxy-braining and figuring that out, you’re just kinda zoned out and— like, you know, looking at the body, and— there is a source of light that is still on in this room, and it’s the TV. It’s on and it’s muted. And it is turned on to the local public access television channel. And you see a stinger, like a splash screen, that says “Community Insights.” And then the screen disappears, and then you see... yourself. On the television.
Ned: [quietly] Oh, shit. I look terrible. [yelling] What the hell?!
Clint: Turn up the volume! I gotta hear what— what’s going on!
Griffin: You turn up the volume, and you hear what’s going on.
Bom Bom Ned: Oh— are we live? Oh good. [Clears throat.] Good afternoon, my fellow Keplerians. My name is Edmond Chicane. Some of you know me as “Ned [censor bleep]” Chicane. Well—
Producer: You can’t say [censor bleep] on the air. You can’t say that on the air.]
Bom Bom Ned: You may know me as the host of Saturday Night Dead, our local public access channel’s premiere late night horror review. You may know me as the proprietor of the Cryptonomica, our town’s premiere monster museum and gift shop. When you think of me, I imagine that you think of— monsters. Well today— I’m here to tell you the truth. This is not advertising for my work. It is not fiction. You know, in your bones, that something is wrong in Kepler. Disappearances, sounds in the night, freak accidents occurring with impossible frequency. Some of you have seen unexplainable things. Well, consider this the explanation the monsters are real. They come through an archway into our world and wreak havoc on anyone and anything that gets in their way. There are a select few in Kepler who have hidden this truth from you, who are already fighting to protect our forest, our town, our— planet.
Griffin: And then, this version of you that you see on the television screen, you see him stop talking for a second and he starts coughing, violently. And you actually see a producer come in to check on him, and Ned just waves him off, and you see this Ned look at his hand and then very quickly tuck it into his pocket, and then he continues
Bom Bom Ned: It is time for us all to join the fight. [Music crescendos and trails off.]
Bom Bom Ned: A half-mile north of Amnesty Lodge stands the archway, leading to our assailants’ world. Tonight— when the moonlight falls upon the gate— it will open. I will be there, armed and ready to defend my home. Will you? [Theme music (The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy) plays]
