Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone...
Griffin: And you are being whipped around the room, you’re caught in just this whirlwind storm emanating from the center of the room. And right there, at the center, you see a bright red sphere.
Griffin: Duck, you see the topside of town. It is 9 35pm, and this makeshift canvas installation just explodes. And then, it’s gone. Minerva nods and she holds her blade aloft, and then a small rift opens in front of you, and then others all around town open.
Duck: All right, so, lemme see if everybody’s on board with this seems like first up, we gotta get the Hornets on our side, and then we gotta get them distractin’ the FBI, so we maybe can get Agent Stern back on our side, so he can help us get Mama back on our side, and then we go over to the other side—This got away from me, but uhhh, basically, we need about a million things to go exactly right before we even get a chance to go to the nether realm and die.
Indrid: Yes, and it’s a fine plan, folks.
Griffin: You see, in the doorway, Indrid Cold, who says,
Indrid: It could probably use a bit more work. [The Adventure Zone Amnesty Theme by Griffin McElroy plays]
Griffin: Uh, let’s jump right in.
Justin: I’m in already. I actually got in before you did
Travis: Yeah.
Justin:, just to make sure the water is okay.
Griffin: Oh, how is it? How’s the scene doing?
Justin: The scene is good. I’m already in it
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: but because the narrator has not joined us, we are locked in stasis. We are characters in search of an author, as in the Pirandello play.
Griffin: So they’ve been there for two weeks, or what’s up?
Justin: Been there for two weeks, locked in perfect stasis, until time itself shall turn its gaze upon us and let us resume our merry roles in this play called existence.
Clint: By the way, when you hear thunder and rain and stuff, those are all sound effects.
Travis: [crosstalk] That’s the angels bowling! [Clint laughs]
Clint: We’ve added angels bowling to add to the oncoming storm. It’s kind of a device.
Griffin: There’s tears in the floor—there’s holes in the floor of heaven. Let’s unfreeze everybody. Indrid Cold has just walked into the Cryptonomica, and he just kind of strides right in past the circle of
Justin: Life?
Griffin: citizens of Kepler—what’s that?
Justin: The circle of life?
Griffin: Yep, he strolls right through it, where a zebra’s eating a dog or whatever. [Laughter] He walks up to you, Aubrey and Duck, and says,
Indrid: Aubrey, Duck! It’s good to see you. I’m so sorry about Ned. If I had seen that coming, please trust that I would have contacted you earlier.
Duck: Aw, yeah, Indrid. None of really... saw it coming either. Um. How are you, man? What a delight.
Indrid: I’m doing, well, not great. How should I put it—I’m doing fine now, but if we don’t do anything, I’m going to be pretty dead tonight, as will everybody. Hey—
Griffin: And he leans in really close.
Indrid: Uh, is everybody here cool?
Aubrey: You mean like, are they a narc?
Indrid: I mean, are they cool.
Duck: Aw, you—man. I don’t know how long you’ve been out the game, but like, everybody knows now.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Indrid: Oh, okay.
Duck: Yeah, it’s kinda—the cat is out of the proverbial bag.
Aubrey: The very large cat is out of the very small bag.
Duck: The interdimensional cat is out of its bag.
Indrid: Has Heathcliff made his way over to Earth? That would be quite a surprise.
Aubrey: Might as well have.
Duck: Yeah, basically.
Indrid: Um, well, okay, this might expedite things.
Griffin: And he turns to the crowd.
Indrid: Hey everyone, I’m the Mothman.
Griffin: And he pops his glasses off just for a second and turns into the big hideous horrifying mothman and pops his glasses back on. He says,
Indrid: I can see the future.
Travis: Everyone just solemnly nods. “Yes.”
Indrid: This probably isn’t the weirdest thing that you’ve seen in the last couple of months. I just wanted to—We have a tendency to just tell people in a trickle, one at a time, and we don’t have that kind of time. So Mothman, mystic, see the future—everybody cool with that?
Duck: It’s weird, right?
Thacker: Nice to meet you, I’m Thacker. Just, that’s it.
Indrid: Uh, Thacker. What a wonderful introduction. Uh, rich character you seem to be. [Laughter]
Thacker: Well, I’m brand new. So, you know, give me time to flourish and develop.
Griffin: The Mothman turns to everyone. I think he’s like standing in the center of the circle just spinning, talking to everybody.
Indrid: Okay, I trust that your own home-grown prophets have given you the general rundown. This evening, the Quell is going to burst through the gateway between your worlds and lay siege to Earth. And Kepler’s going to be destroyed, and the rest of the planet will follow in the coming weeks. And if I follow the basics of your plan, you’re going to distract the FBI with some... motorbike stunts—
Duck: Stunts, yeah.
Indrid: Good so far.
Aubrey: When you say it like that, though...
Duck: You make it sound silly. Dismissively, you said it.
Indrid: No, it has a decent chance of making it—making it through. Then you will sneak into the FBI compound, you will breach the archway, you will confront the Quell and cease the destruction of both of your worlds. Is that more or less what we’re dealing with?
Aubrey: Yeah...
Duck: Yup.
Aubrey: I don’t like when I hear people simplify a plan. It always makes it sound silly.
Duck: Yeah, it took us a whole—like an hour to come up with it. And, um, did you get the part where we’re going to find the Quell [said with a southern accent, sounding like “Quail”] and just crush its heart or whatever? Like, destroy its egg or wherever it lives.
Thacker: [in identical accent] It’s—it’s “Quell,” champ. Not—
Duck: Yeah, that’s what I said.
Aubrey: Quell.
Thacker: You said “Quail” like a big old bird, but it ain’t—
Aubrey: [crosstalk] Wait, what are you saying?
Duck: Yeah, Quell.
Thacker: No, Quell.
Duck: Quell?
Thacker: Quell.
Aubrey: Quell.
Duck: Quell.
Thacker: Quell.
Duck: Quell.
Aubrey: Quell.
Thacker: No, listen, listen—
Duck: Quell.
Thacker: Quell.
Aubrey: Quell.
Thacker:  See the difference? You said—
Duck: Yeah, man, Quell!
Aubrey: Quell.
Thacker: You said “Quail,” it’s “Quell.”
Griffin: The Mothman grabs your wrist, Duck, and looks at the watch on it, and he says,
Indrid: Boy howdy, I sure hope that those aren’t several minutes that we will need to prevent the apocalypse, because they are gone, now. I came here to tell you there’s a problem with your plan, and that problem is that it will fail, and everyone will die.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] That it’s too good?
Indrid: No? It’s not that, Aubrey. The Quell is a tangible thing, and now it’s using everything under its power to try and knock down the door leading to your world. Think of it like pressure squeezing against the hull of a submarine.
Aubrey: Mhm?
Indrid: If you open the... the hatch—the main hatch—I don’t know that much about submarines, actually, so this is not—
Aubrey: So why did you invoke submarines?
Indrid: Yeah, there’s not that many other great—An aeroplane?
Aubrey: Sure!
Indrid: You open the main hatch of the aeroplane... I’m gonna stick with submarines. Not only will the water come rushing in, but the difference in pressure could cause a cataclysmic decompression. If you do that, if you open the door to the Quell, it will instantly lead to Kepler’s destruction. Unless you can find some way to reduce the pressure that the Quell is putting on the gateway between your worlds, I’m afraid that all the futures that I see are not going to be rewritten.
Aubrey: Hmm...
Duck: So I mean, what’s the play?
Indrid: Oh, that’s all I have!
Aubrey: Well—
Indrid: Oh, I see several dozen futures, and all of them lead to the destruction of the world when you just pop open the door between yours. I was hoping that—and I don’t know where your future sight comes from, but Duck and company, and the Chosen few, did your—
Thacker: And Thacker, Thacker’s the name.
Indrid: Well, I meant the ones who have psychic visions. Do you have psychic visions, Thacker?
Thacker: I have some psychic powers, yeah, yeah! Thanks for asking ahead of time. I thought you knew all this, aren’t you like a  fortune-teller?
Indrid: I was being glib, but I guess— Fuck me, I guess. Have your psychic visions revealed anything more optimistic, Thacker?
Thacker: Yeah, smarty-pants! I see a future where we succeed, and everybody’s happy, and the Sylvain people is safe and happy, and the Quell is, you know, behaving, and this forest ranger here gets a nice promotion, and this nice magician person—
Duck: What sorta—Yeah, this is all great, but what happens between now and then?
Indrid: Yeah, show your work, Thacker.
Thacker: Well, I ain’t Nostradamus, I ain’t got it all writ’ down or nothing
Duck: Okay.
Thacker: I just got a general feeling that everything’s gonna be alright. Sue me!
Duck: Thacker, I know we don’t know each other that well, but what you’re talking about is optimism, and frankly we don’t have much room for it, currently. What—Indrid, what could... lower the pressure, I guess? I don’t know, our metaphors are a little bit labored at this point.
Aubrey: So we need to—just to recap. There’s pressure pushing on that side of the door, right? If we open the door dead. So we need to do something to distract, or to take the pressure off, but we can’t get over there to do it without opening the door.
Duck: Alright. I had a vision. And I know, I don’t put a lot of stock in them either, they’ve been pretty much bummers at this point. But it was—Minerva, you opened a bunch of different... doors, all at once. Maybe that could make a vent.
Griffin: She looks surprised— she looks surprised when you say that.
Duck: Why do you look surprised when I say that?
Griffin: [laughs] She says,
Minerva: Because I did not have that vision, Duck Newton. I assumed that the source of our visions were the—Leo, Dr. Drake, did you see this vision?
Justin: Every time you say Dr. Drake, I get so confused.
Griffin: Why?
Justin: Because I think you’re saying Dr. Dre. [Griffin laughs] And I get so excited.
Travis: I’m also pretty sure Dr. Drake Ramoray is Joey’s character from Friends on the soap opera he’s on. [Clint laughs]
Griffin: Okay. There’s also Professor Ludwig Von Drake, which is a different—No, this is Dr. Sarah Drake. Um, both of them shake their heads no.
Travis: It is interesting to think about, we have characters named Pigeon, Duck, and Drake.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. They both shake their heads no. And Minerva turns and says,
Minerva: Duck, it seems like you have had—I watched a VHS of a movie called Minority Report, and it was delightful, and there was a science fiction adventure that took place, and it also had sci-fi future psychics in it. And it was different from how I do it, but, um, it seems like you did one of those and now I guess you’re going to have to stop being framed for your own wife’s murder or something?
Aubrey: No...
Duck: No, well that’s the thing about the Precogs, is that they would sometimes have different visions about how the future would play out, that’s what the Minority Report was.
Aubrey: Y’all, we’re missing the most important thing. Minerva, what did you think of all the eye stuff in Minority Report? ‘Cause it really bothered me.
Minerva: [crosstalk] Yucky, yuck yuck yuck.
Aubrey: Yeah, right?
Duck: Exactly, right?
Minerva: I have disemboweled plenty of opponents in my time, but even that—you hate to see that happen.
Duck: Hey, was Peter Stormare a bit much or what?
Minerva: A little bit.
Duck: [crosstalk] Thank you, honestly.
Aubrey: [crosstalk] I thought he was nailing it.
Minerva: I suppose I could open several rifts to Sylvain, but not without some sort of knowledge of where it is, without some sort of connection to the world. The only way I see that happening is if I am able to open them simultaneously, alongside the archway. If we can find some way to get the archway and open it up, and synchronize perfectly the opening of that gate and all of my rifts, then possibly I could do it. We’re still going to get a lot of Quell coming out, if I understand the physics of this entity correctly.
Aubrey: Yeah, but at that point, we then can have—instead of one point—several points, and like a whole bunch of people fighting, instead of one thing. Right? Isn’t that better?
Griffin: As you say that, Indrid’s, like, head leans backwards, and you see him kind of like, freeze in place. And then he—
Travis: Does he have to sneeze?
Griffin: He sighs, and he looks around, and he says,
Indrid: Interesting. You’re trading one trouble for another, if I am being honest. You are going to invite the Quell in large quantities over into our—well, I guess your world, technically—and you’re going to have to find some way to stop it from running wild, but if you do that, then the away mission may have a chance at success.
Aubrey: What about a moat? [Long pause] No? Okay, that’s fine. Yep, cool, even as I said it, I knew that wasn’t it. That’s fine, keep going.
Clint: [laughs]
Griffin: Minerva says,
Minerva: I will have to put them somewhere, though. I will have to open these doors somewhere, and they will have to be defendable positions and we will need people at them to defend. They will also have to be within my line of sight if I’m going to open them. I can open as many as we need, but I will need to see them all in order to do so. So, I will need a vantage point. [With odd inflection] I do not know this town as well as other people in this room—I don’t know why I said that like that, but finding those places and finding those defenders seems like a task for the locals, yes?
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: Yeah.
Thacker: Sure.
Aubrey: You know, it’s making me wonder if maybe—ooh, would it be a mistake to pit the Quell against the FBI?
Duck: Yeah, I mean that seems bad. To hear it—when you said it, didn’t it feel bad?
Aubrey: It felt bad to say it.
Duck: Alright, what’s the plan here, y’all? We’re getting really bogged down in mumbo-jumbo.
Aubrey: It seems like, if we need a high vantage point—even without its top—that’s Mt. Kepler, right?
Thacker: It’s kind of a mesa, now, though, right? I mean, it ain’t much of a mountain anymore.
Aubrey: Sure.
Griffin: Uh, Kirby says,
Kirby: I mean, the problem with that is there’s no way up to topside. The funicular’s the only way up. Um, I mean, I guess you could take a pretty long walk through the Monongahela and get there. And you know, the tramway’s locked down by some FBI types, so there’s no going up there. I mean, you can see the whole town from topside, that ain’t a problem—it’s just a question that getting up there is not a guarantee.
Thacker: Hey, can any of you superheroes fly? Like I mean, in those Marvel movies? By the way, did anything ever come of those? Did they—did those turn out alright?
Aubrey: Oh, boy, Thacker. Alright. Hey, let’s postpone this apocalypse, we’ve got some movies to watch!
Thacker: Yeah, I was just asking. So, none of y’all fly?
Duck: No...
Thacker: I mean, you’ve got all these powers and magicks and stuff...
Aubrey: Okay.
Duck: [crosstalk] No, none of us flies.
Griffin: Mothman raises his hand.
Indrid: Well, technically, um, yeah.
Duck: Aw, great, perfect! Hell yeah, Mothman, you can just carry us up there in a big basket!
Indrid: Um... we can try—
Thacker: See, that’s the kind of thinking outside the box that I like outta you, Duck-man.
Duck: Thanks.
Aubrey: That would definitely speed that conversation up.
Indrid: Um, I mean, I’ve been doing a bit of hot yoga, so I imagine my endurance has increased somewhat. Um, if you’d like, I could also just like grab the guard watching the funicular train and fly him way high up and drop him?
Duck: Love that.
Aubrey: Yeah, let’s do that.
Duck: Well, hold on now. Shit.
Indrid: I’m just saying, there’s lots of ways to skin a cat.
Duck: There’s no reason to send this innocent man off to beef city, just because—just because we wanna ride the sky train.
Aubrey: We can probably just knock him out.
Duck: Yeah, we’ll just knock him out!
Indrid: Sounds good to me!
Aubrey: You know, I bet, with Indrid’s ability to see the future, he could judge exactly how high to drop the guard from to just knock him out and not squeesh him. [Laughter]
Thacker: Or look in the future and see when he has to take a pee...
Aubrey: Also that.
Thacker: And then when he goes to take a pee
Duck: Love that.
Thacker: you sneak in, jump on the funicular [mispronounced] and up the hill you go.
Indrid: Hey, just real quick, because I’ve been gone for a hunt or two now. Are all of your plan-making sessions this, sort of, slapstick? Or
Aubrey: Yeah
Indrid: do you only get this, uh, this zany when it’s time for the apocalypse?
Aubrey: Yeah, you can always tell how big the challenge is by how zany we are. It’s a direct correlation, one for one. So, here’s the plan We’re going to hijack the funicular, at which point we’re going to head up to topside. We need to get Minerva to a good vantage point where she can see. She’s gonna open the portals to vent after we’ve distracted the FBI agents and we’ve gotten close to the gate. She will open them as we cross through the gate, and everybody left on this hoside is going to fight the Quell and distract it, while we try to find the heart of the Quell. And I’m still holding out hope for maybe finding Sylvain too, balancing that whole mother-effer out, and making that okay. That does that sound about right to everybody?
Leo: I mean, it sounds like the stuff we’ve been talking about, I don’t know if I’d use the word “right.” [Duck laughs] Sounds like we are opening up several doors to Hell, and inviting the demons and what have you over into Kepler. But I mean, we got swords and stuff. The three of us are covered, swords-wise. Actually, Dr. Drake, remind me gotta get you a sword. But, um, I think we may be a little bit short-handed. We’re gonna need some help. Ideally, we could get the whole town, although we’d have to do so without the FBI finding out, and we’ve got, what—half a day? To get everybody organized and set up in these discreet battlefields around town? You know, if we’re gonna do this, we need to get moving.
Aubrey: Well, sounds like we need a montage! [Starts humming a tune akin to movie montage music]
Clint: Punching meat, running up the steps...
Griffin: Indrid’s washing the Crepes By Monica van in a tank top. [The Plan by Griffin Mcelroy plays]
Justin: I think we should try—I think we need to try for the Hornets first.
Travis: I agree, they’re pretty difficult.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: Okay. So, that is where you all are going first. Are you all traveling as one unit?
Travis: I think that would be more narratively interesting.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure.
Justin: Yeah, I agree. It’s easier. Um, I mean, is the FBI not going to get distracted when we open up crazy little holes to the nether realm?
Griffin: If the vents open up at the exact same time as the archway, then you would need the distraction before the vents.
Travis: Yeah, it has to happen at the same time.
Griffin: Right.
Travis: So we do still need the motorcycle super stunt show.
Griffin: Right. You could also use them to help fight, but you know. They do—
Clint: Are they not—are they not in on this meeting?
Griffin: No.
Clint: Hollis and Keith?
Griffin: No, I mean, you guys haven’t—we haven’t had that moment of reconciliation with them yet.
Travis: So we agree that the next most important part is we go talk to the Hornets, then we go talk to Winthrop and Muffy, the next most important part. [Griffin laughs] Right, we can all agree?
Justin: Winthrop and Muffy is number two.
Travis: Yes.
Justin: Is it best if I talk to Hollis and Keith? Or...
Travis: I mean, I’ve...
Clint: I’ve got a flyer I can take. I’ve got kind of an angle to take, maybe.
Justin: What are you thinking, Dad?
Clint: Maybe Thacker knew them when they were younger, maybe when they were kids. Maybe they came out and did some of the Kepler Expeditions.
Griffin: I think that that’s for sure true. Yeah, I think that that would be true.
Justin: I think that’s probably our best—considering our current relationships with all the Hornets, like, that’s probably our best play.
Griffin: Okay, so you are all going to the destroyed rubble that used to be the Hornet’s Nest?
Justin: Yes.
Travis: They’re probably somewhere else, right? It’s been two months, they’re probably not just—
Justin: Why are they sitting in rubble?
Griffin: Well, actually—
Travis: They’re probably not just like, “There used to be a jukebox here!”
Griffin: Actually, you do find them at the remains of the Hornet’s Nest. The sort of road off the main drag, that led to this bar, has been sort of crudely rebuilt, after just being obliterated by the fallen mountaintop. The ground has been, you know, manually leveled out, and there’s just a bunch of gravel leading to this, you know, makeshift construction site, where the Hornets are now sort of working to rebuild their headquarters. And you can tell as you show up here that their ranks have thinned since the Collapse. You see Keith and Hollis, and they’re hard at work alongside ten or so other Hornets. And there’s a group of Hornets, and they’re all sitting in the shade of a nearby tree, eating like an early lunch. And I think—
Travis: What are they eating?
Griffin: Uh, sammiches. And they—this group probably is the one that notices your approach, and they set their food down and they start walking in your direction.
Aubrey: Hi, everybody! It’s really coming along.
Griffin: Keith and Hollis turn to face you, and Hollis is like instantly kind of upset that you are there, Aubrey. Keith just looks like so fucking tired, and he just turns back to his work. And Hollis walks over and joins the group of Hornets that have sort of come to confront you all. And Hollis says,
Hollis: The fuck do you want?
Aubrey: Hey, Hollis! Could we, uh, maybe talk to you in private, one on one? It’s kind of a big conversation, you know.
Griffin: Hollis grabs a rag and wipes some sweat off their brow, sets it down, and looks at the three of you, and looks at you, Thacker, and says,
Hollis: Thacker? Thacker, where the fuck have you been?
Thacker: Hey, Hollis, how you doing, sport?
Hollis: Oh, not crazy about that. But, uh, as you can see,
Griffin: And they gesture backwards to the ruins. And Hollis says,
Hollis: Yeah, not great, not great. Yeah, thanks to these two, Kepler finds itself in a state of disrepair, you might say. Not sure how much you missed.
Thacker: Yeah, I don’t remember you being such a pain in the ass, Hollis. I mean, you know, six–seven years ago, you seemed a little bit more open-minded than you are now. Listen, these folks—I haven’t been here, but from everything they’ve told me, these folks have been doing the best they can. They’ve got a pretty big situation to deal with, and, you know, instead of being a jerk about it, why don’t you flash back to that person I knew years ago? When you were excited about life, you were excited about working, and when there was a bad situation, you always told me—you always said, “Mr. Thacker, when something bad happens to Kepler, I want to make sure I’m there to make it better.” So here’s your chance! These folks have been doing the best they can, so instead of fighting them every step of the way, why don’t you help them out a bit?
Hollis: [Pause] Did they tell you what I tried to do?
Thacker: I’ve heard bits and pieces, in and out. What does it matter what you tried to do? What does it matter what you’ve done before?
Hollis: Because, Thacker, I fucking tried to do exactly what you just said! The problem is that they decided that they were the only ones who were allowed to help Kepler out. They were the only ones who were allowed to save Kepler in their hour of need. And—
Duck: Hey, straight-up. Like, straight-up, Hollis. [Pause] We might’ve been fuckin’ wrong.
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: I don’t know, we might not have been right about it. Here’s what I’m saying now, right? Shit’s about to break real bad. I can see the future, a little bit. My friend the Moth—
Hollis: You can what?
Duck: I can see the future a little bit. Not great. I have dreams that come to pass, or don’t. But my friend the Mothman is like wild with the—
Hollis: Your friend the Mothman.
Duck: My friend the Mothman. Hey, listen! Listen, Hollis! You wanna play in the Twilight Zone, here we go! C’mon! My friend the Mothman can see the future, and it’s gonna break real, real fuckin’ bad. Here’s what I’m gonna say. Maybe we were right, maybe we were wrong about cutting y’all out. I have absolutely no clue. But I do know that if y’all don’t help us come beat some ass against the forces of evil, we are all just tremendously screwed.
Griffin: Um, I think we’ve reached the inflection point of Manipulate Someone, and I feel like Duck’s the one—I feel like Duck is the one who first laid out this plan. And I think Aubrey, if you want, roll Help Out. And Thacker, you too. I think all of you have helped out. Let’s get those rolls first, actually. Let’s get Aubrey and Thacker rolling Help Out, which is plus Cool.
Clint: Oh...
Travis: I have rolled a seven plus zero. A seven.
Griffin: Okay! That is going to—
Clint: Thacker has rolled a seven minus one, which is a six.
Travis: Hm.
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Travis: Thacker ain’t cool.
Griffin: Yeah, that’s—Hollis just says,
Hollis: Thacker, you were a pretty cool sort of... camp counselor? I don’t know how to describe your job, but like, if you think that’s gonna make me forget about monsters coming in and slaying my friends, then I don’t owe you quite that much.
Thacker: Yeah, that’s fine. I did teach you how to make lanyards, but that’s fine! [Laughter]
Travis: The lanyard you’re wearing right now!
Thacker: That lanyard around your neck!
Griffin: Duck, roll Manipulate Someone, plus one, plus cool.
Clint: C’mon, c’mon Duck!
Justin: Ugh.
Clint: Ooh.
Griffin: Plus cool!
Travis: What’s your cool, Duck?
Justin: Two. Seven! Mixed success!
Griffin: Plus one is an eight.
Clint: Plus one!
Justin: Plus one is an eight. But I mean, seven and eight is still mixed success, right.
Griffin: Uh, yes. On a mixed success, they will do it, but only if you show them something right now to show that you mean it. You start explaining to Hollis what is going on, as per what Aubrey suggested. And Keith walks over and similarly grabs a bottle of gatorade and starts to cool off from this job, and pretty soon just like all the Hornets are listening in as you describe what’s going on, and describe the plan. And once you get close to the end, Hollis, you can tell, is still just kind of like—has their guard up. And Hollis says,
Hollis: We’re not like, antagonists in a Disney Channel original movie. Like, the idea of us stunting over some lawmen to try and buy you all time to fight the big bad... I don’t—I want to save Kepler. I don’t want to risk my neck and the necks of my whole crew for Sylvain and the people from there, because as far as I know, they came to our home and started killing us without reservation. The magic and monster stuff that y’all are into, we—we don’t want anything to do with that.
Griffin: And then you all hear the gravel behind you crunching, and turn back to see Jake Coolice, who just walks into the center of the circle where you all are describing all of this stuff to the Hornets. And Keith and Hollis both look at Jake, and he says,
Jake: Uh, alright.
Griffin: And he pulls his wrist cuff off, and his face just becomes this bulbous mound of white fur with these big beady black eyes, and a protruding snout with a wet black nose flanked by long whiskers hanging over a wide, thin mouth. His hands just become these flippers that are barely poking out of his shirt sleeves. Jake Coolice has transformed into his true form A bipedal, enormous harp seal.
Travis: Huh!
Griffin: And he says,
Jake: It’s not us, Hollis. Whatever’s doing this, it’s not us.
Aubrey: Yup. What Jake said.
Duck: Yeah, I mean, there you go.
Thacker: Did y’all know he could do that? Did you know he could do that?
Aubrey: Yeah.
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: Not that—
Duck: Yeah.
Aubrey: exactly that? But something, yeah, I assumed...
Thacker: You knew he could turn into something like a seal?
Aubrey: ...Yes. Listen, Hollis, I mean, you know Jake. You know a lot of folks around here. I’m betting you’d be surprised how many of them could pull that same trick. The fact of the matter is; we need you. And there are people here, that live in Kepler, that are Kepler citizens, that need you. Maybe they’re not from Kepler, but they live in Kepler now. They are Kepler citizens, and they need your help. And I think when it comes down to it, no matter what our differences are, and how you might feel about, you know, the monsters who have hurt people—I think when it comes down to it, you want to help people who are good.
Griffin: Hollis sighs, and is just kind of frozen, and says,
Hollis: Look, I just, I don’t—
Griffin: And as they’re saying that, Keith walks over to a nearby bench, and picks up his helmet, and walks back over to the group. And he says,
Keith: Well, I’m in.
Griffin: And Hollis kind of freezes as they look at Keith and look back at the whole group and sees other people walking over to grab their helmets. And Hollis smiles and looks down at the ground and just kind of shakes their head, then looks back up and says,
Hollis: Well, I guess that’s a consensus. Where do you need us? [The Plan by Griffin Mcelroy plays] [Ad break]
Griffin: So, you know, you got limited time. What do you all want to get done next? Like what resources are you gonna try and shore up before it’s business time?
Travis: Aubrey would like to go talk to Sheriff Zeke and Ghost Dewey.
Griffin: Uh okay, yes. That is sort of the sheriff department faction and that makes sense. Are y’all going with him?
Clint: You know what, I think that there’s gonna be a lot of shit going down in the woods and you know in the park, more or less. Why doesn’t Thacker go talk to the people at the forest service because I assume Duck is gonna be busy dealing with something else.
Griffin: Yeah I mean, Duck, how do you feel about that?
Duck: Yeah, that’s fine you go talk to Juno. Yeah, I know who I need to talk to.
Thacker: [Clint using his normal voice then progressing into his character voice] Juno-- wait a minute, Juno Divine?
Duck: Yeah she’s one of the—
Thacker: She’s in the forest service?
Duck: Yeah, believe it or not.
Thacker: [laughs] Well that makes a lot of sense. She loved the forest. I love it when—
Travis: That is— Did you just do a player to character crossfade!?
Griffin: That was so fucking wild, I’ve never seen anything like that on this podcast before.
Travis: That melted my brain!
Griffin: It was like Clint started the sentence and then Thacker ended the sentence [Clint laughs]. Okay so Duck, you wanna talk to somebody else?
Justin: Yeah, I wanna talk to Muffy and Winthrop.
Travis: Of course. [Clint laughs]
Griffin: Sure.
Travis: The most important—
Griffin: Yeah, hardened soldiers. Okay, Thacker you make your way toward the forest service station in the Monongahela and I think it’s probably— it’s pretty tricky getting there. First of all, I know that you know these woods, it was sort of your job to know these woods. but it’s been 6 years since you’ve had to do it, so I don’t know how much sense memories guiding you through. But also like you kinda gotta take a weird route if you don’t wanna hit the checkpoint on the west side of town, going off the highway. Since topside is out of service as well like there just— you’re not going through a well worn trail, you're kinda having to blaze your own. But after quite a bit of hiking you find the rangers service station building and through the windows you see it is unoccupied, save for Juno Divine, who you see looking at something intently on a table in the center of the building.
Clint: Thacker taps on the window.
Griffin: You scare the shit out of her.
Clint: Yeah, that happens... he gives a little wave and kind of a sheepish little grin.
Griffin: She takes a second, you get no recognition from her for just a flash and then her eyes open wide and she mouths an expletive and she rushes to the front door and throws it open and runs up to you and stops for a second and then jumps in and gives you a big bear hug [Clint laughs] and she pulls herself away, she says,
Juno: Where the hell have you been, Thacker?
Thacker: Well, I was on a little adventure and that’s kind of what I’m here to talk to you about.
Juno: Uh, I mean, where’d you go, the Adirondacks? Like it’s been 6 years Thacker, you couldn’t have written me a letter or something?
Thacker: No, no the postal service kinda sucks where I was. I was— I crossed over into Sylvain. I had me a little mission to do and it kinda went down the ol’ toilet and took me about 6 years to get back and when I got back, as you know, things have just— the pooch has been thoroughly screwed
Travis: Gross.
Thacker: while I was gone. And so, yeah I was incommunicado. And now look at you, you’re in the forest service! How neat is that?
Griffin: This warm reception she's giving you, as soon as you mention that you crossed over into Sylvain, it just vanishes instantly. Uh, and you are speaking to her, sort of, excitedly like this to a fairly grim expression now and she says,
Juno: Yeah, it's been a big six years. Why don't you come inside, Thacker?
Thacker: Oh yeah!
Griffin: And she saunters back into the station and shuts the door behind you, um, and you see a map of the Monongahela National Forest with Kepler down in the corner of it and you can see that she has this big, sort of, oblong shape that it takes you second to figure out what it is and then you realize it's the perimeter that the FBI has drawn around the archway, it's the section of topside of the forest that they have kind of closed off. She walks over to a little cabinet next to a stove, a small stove that's in here, and she says,
Juno: You want some coffee, tea? What do— what's your jam now? Did it change when you crossed over into that alien planet or what's up?
Thacker: Nah, I would love some tea. Do you have any of them Milanos? I love them Milanos. I haven't had any for a long time. You know the one, they come in the package and they're real fancy and they got their own little white paper cups for the tea to sit in? Mm!
Griffin: She walks over to a stool in the corner and grabs it and then stands on it and then on top of the cabinet, she has hidden a secret stockpile of Milano cookies which she walks over and pops open and sort of, holds the open package towards you.
Justin: I feel like everybody hides their Milano cookies. [crosstalk] I feel like if you have Milanos that are hidden... mine are hidden from myself, but...
Travis: Oh yeah. [crosstalk] 'Cause they only have four in a package! [Clint laughs]
Griffin: She says,
Juno: I gotta be honest, Thacker, it's good to see ya. It's less good to find out that, uh, you've been tied up in all this alien monster business 'cause... I m— have you seen what they've done to our forest?
Griffin: And she gestures towards the map.
Thacker: Um, yes I have. I have, Juno, and it's sad and it sucks and I got a way that you can help make it better. How does that sound?
Juno: I mean, I can appreciate that but we are the Monongahela National Forest Service. I don't think we outrank the FBI there. We're getting absolutely trampled on here, Thacker. They're just c—
Thacker: How do you feel about that, Juno?
Juno: I mean it's bullshit. I know— this is the sort of unprecedented— there isn't necessarily an order of operations from the Monongahela National Forest Service to the Federal Bureau of Investigation but I'm pretty sure that it's— it's not supposed to work like this.
Griffin: And she gestures to the map and she says,
Juno: They don't have jurisdiction, they can't just come in and, y'know, fuck up the forest whenever they want to.
Thacker: Well you should do something about that then, right?
Juno: [laughing] What am I gonna do, Thacker? Again, this is the FBI, I work for the Forest Service. Is it—
Thacker: I realize that but here's what I wanna know. Are you so locked into protocol? Are you so locked into the bureaucracy that your love of this forest is gonna be dictated by a bunch of rules by a bunch of people sitting in Washington, DC?
Griffin: Um, this is probably where you are manipulating someone, unless— I don't know what the Searcher's move sets are. I don't know if you have some special thing that allows you to try and compel somebody— have yo—
Clint: No, he's got nothing.
Griffin: He's got no charm? [laughs] He's the anti-Ned.
Clint: He's got no charm. He's got no, I mean, most of his stuff is sensing stuff.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, go ahead and roll Manipulate Someone plus Charm. I think you are asking for her help in the plan and you know, using her love of this forest and disdain for the bureaucracy that is ruining it as the fulcrum for that.
Clint: Okay. [rolls dice] Eugh...
Griffin: Plus Charm?
Clint: It's a si— no charm! Zero charm for Arlo Thacker! That's a 6.
Griffin: That is a hard failure unless you wanna use a Luck point.
Travis: You do have all of your Thacker Luck points back.
Griffin: I guess you started— I guess I—
Justin: The luckiest guy on Earth.
Clint: Oh! I do, don't I? I'll use a Luck point then.
Justin: Don't use it if you don't wanna.
Clint: I'm using it. I'm using that Luck point. Don't try to stop me.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Okay. Alright. That bumps it up to a 12. You see Juno sigh and then she, like, she pounds on the map on the table and then she does it again a second time and pulls her hand away and says,
Juno: Alright, fuck it, yeah. Sorry for cussing. Yup, let's, yup. What is— what's the plan? Are we gonna like—
Thacker: Alright he— listen, this is the thi—
Juno: No bombs, right? No bombs, [crosstalk] no armed insurrection? Okay.
Thacker: [crosstalk] No, no, no, no, no. No, this is not a— you do not have to take a proactive move. I'm just saying, we're gonna be trying to get past the FBI. We're trying to find out, you know, things like where is Agent Stern and I really wanna find Mama but I don't know how high that is on the priority list. But we're gonna be in and out of this forest. I only came to you because I'm trying to show you respect and I'm trying to keep you in the loop. You don't gotta do nothing except maybe if you see us skulking through the woods, y'know, look another way.
Juno: Well, I mean I—
Thacker: And being ready, in case things go south, which they probably will.
Juno: I mean, I can keep an eye out for ya but if you go skulking through the woods tryna get toward that compound then their sensors are almost certainly gonna find you first. Unle—
Thacker: I bet a clever person like you could figure out a way around those sensors though, right?
Juno: You know, Thacker, I think a clever person like me may be able to find a way around those sensors. [“The Plan” by Griffin McElroy fades in]
Thacker: I thought so! You know, from that day we sat by the stream and looked at your sketchbook, I knew there was something special about you, Juno Divine.
Juno: That I'm gonna help you do a federal crime. [music plays]
Griffin: Aubrey, you make your way over to the Sheriff's station, which is-- it was just kinda just off the path of destruction when the mountaintop fell, and so, you can see that off in the distance as you approach and you walk into the front door and at the main desk there, you see Detective Megan walk out from the backroom and she says,
Detective Megan: Hi, welcome to the Kepler Sheriff’s St—
Griffin: And she locks eyes with you, and I think the last time you saw her you did magic with your hands and it made her black out? And she says,
Detective Megan: Wha— what— [stutters] how... what do you... how can I... help you?
Aubrey: Hi! Um, I'm looking for Sheriff Zeke, please.
Detective Megan: What, are you gonna— are you gonna burn him up?
Aubrey: No! I need to talk to him. I need his help. And if I'm being honest, Detective, probably your help too. And if Dewey's around... is he around? I admittedly should've checked in on that a lot sooner than now.
Detective Megan: You gonna Avada Kedavra me? You gonna take me right to Chicago with your spells?
Aubrey: No! [Clint and Justin laugh]
Aubrey: You can stay right here. No one needs to go to Chicago.
Griffin: I think Sheriff Owens opens the door into his office and you see him poke his head out and he looks at Detective Megan and just kinda sighs and then looks at you and says,
Sheriff Owens: Get the hell in here, Aubrey.
Aubrey: Okay.
Griffin: And retreats inside. You step into his office and he shuts the door behind you and walks over to his desk and it is a— it's a mess, it is full of paperwork that you assume is coming from the Federal level that he maybe doesn't know how to deal with. He looks up at you from just, this pile of red tape and he says,
Sheriff Owens: Not to like, lay it on, but y'all know this is your fault, right? You tell me 'bout his way sooner, we could have dealt with it ourselves instead of losing half our town to the fucking powers that be.
Aubrey: Listen, there's a part of me that wants to just sit here and say 'yes, you're right, you're right' but I will say, uh, some Monday morning quarterbacking, it's easy to say that now. But if things had gone really well before any of y'all had known about it, you'd be sleeping a lot better at night. You all wouldn't be... have so much to worry about and it would have been fine. So yes, things have come to a head and maybe, it would've been different if we included you sooner but that wasn't really up to me at that point and we're including you now which seems, like, weird to—
Sheriff Owens: OH! You're including me now?!
Aubrey: ...Yes.
Sheriff Owens: Awesome, aw great! Cool. Yeah, cool. So what is it? What's the big plan? You gonna strap on a proton packs and go get 'em?
Aubrey: Well I don't care for the tone, Sheriff.
Sheriff Owens: It's just— I don't know what kind of fucking hair-brained scheme you and the rest of your Cryptonomica folks are whipping up but like, if you're—
Aubrey: We're Amnesty folks. Please don't brand us as Cryptonomica folks. That makes it sound like, weird. Amnesty, that's nice. That's a nice word.
Sheriff Owens: Look, I, I appreciate you thinking of me Aubrey, oh, gosh, I do, but just banish the thought of me being able to do anything to help out. I’m not gonna make an enemy of the fuckin’ FBI, that’s nonsense.
Aubrey: You wanted us to let you in on it sooner, right? You wanted us to tell you what’s up, right?  And we did, and you’re pissed—
Sheriff Owens: Yes— yes.
Aubrey: I get that. Okay, cool. Here’s your chance, if we don’t do something tonight our world is going to end. So I guess the question you need to ask yourself is, what’s worse, making an enemy of the FBI, or everything suddenly being nothing?
Sheriff Owens: I mean neither sounds great, if I’m bein’ honest.
Aubrey: Yeah, but I didn’t really ask that did I, Sheriff? Which one sounds worse?
Griffin: You hear a voice come from the supply closet adjacent and it says,
Deputy Dewey: I think the world ending sounds worst.
Aubrey: Hey, did you put Dewey in the closet?
Sheriff Owens: I didn’t put Dewey damn nowhere, that’s where he likes to hang out.
Griffin: And Dewey just phases through the door and he’s like,
Clint: Nobody puts Dewey in the closet!
Griffin: Dewey phases through the door and he says,
Deputy Dewey: I like, I do like it in there, it’s dark, it helps me think my thoughts.
Aubrey: That’s nice. Hey Dewey, do you want to help us?
Deputy Dewey: Hell yeah, I guess, you’re the one that’s— you’re sorta my, um, spectral mom if you think about it, so I think I am—
Aubrey: Ew.
Deputy Dewey: I do owe you a sort of life debt, so.
Griffin: And the sheriff says,
Sheriff Owens: Dewey, this is weird, man, I’m tellin’ you, you don’t want to team up with them. They are harbingers of death, the whole lot of them.  Listen, I got, I got a family, I got my son to think about—
Aubrey: Uh-huh.
Sheriff Owens: I can’t just, I can’t just throw away my life running afoul of the federal government because, some magician came into my office and told me that the—
Aubrey: [quietly] A wizard.
Sheriff Owens: Apocalypse is about to— a what?
Aubrey: A wizard. I can do real, I guess both, I mean both are accurate at this point, I guess. Here’s the thing, let’s not get hung up on that, you mentioned your son, right? There’s lots of lives at stake here, Sheriff, lots of people’s sons, lots of people’s daughters, lots of people’s children, lots of people! Everyone on this world and the next, literally, are in trouble and we got a town full of folks who are the only ones who can do anything to save the world.
Sheriff Owens: But, I—
Aubrey: I wish this wasn’t the case. Listen, I have a lot of fun goin’ on these adventures and fighting monsters and doing magic and stuff, but I lost one of my best friends two months ago.  I know how scary and permanent this shit can be and I know how much easier it would be if we could all just keep our heads down and not piss people off and make the easy decisions and— but that’s not what it’s like. When you have the responsibility of protecting people you don’t get to make the easy decisions, you don’t get to keep your head down, you don’t get, you don’t get safety. And I think you understand that more than most people in this town.
Griffin: I think that this is as, as strong a case as you’re gonna be able to give, I think manipulate someone, roll plus Charm. [Travis inhales]
Travis: That is a 7 [exhales] +1, an 8.
Griffin: They’ll do something if you do something for them right now to show that you mean it. He says,
Sheriff Owens: How many other folks have you got on board with this, this hair-brained scheme there, Aubrey?
Aubrey: Well, and you might not like this, admittedly, but the Hornets are gonna help.
Sheriff Owens: Oh cool, cool, great, this is getting [crosstalk] better and better.
Aubrey: Yeah [crosstalk] yeah, I figured. Uh, we got a big, powerful alien woman, uh, Leo, runs the general store? He’s actually a chosen warrior, he’s gonna help. Dr. Drake, the scientist from the, uh, telescope, she’s actually [crosstalk] a chosen warrior, she’s gonna help.
Sheriff Owens: Ok, so [crosstalk] so, ok, you— cool, you got a whole sort of—
Aubrey: Barclay’s bigfoot, he’s gonna help.
Sheriff Owens: [yelling] Barclay’s fuckin’ what?
Aubrey: He’s Bigfoot. Jake is a seal, he’s [crosstalk] gonna help.
Sheriff Owens: Okay [crosstalk] hold up. You don’t have to list ‘em all out it was just, I wanted to make sure you had the muscle.
Aubrey: Mothman’s gonna help.
Sheriff Owens: Okay— hold— you’re melting my fucking brain, just give me a second to say what I’m gonna say, Aubrey.
Aubrey: The guy who looks like that movie-star, he’s gonna help.  He’s really a billy goat in real life.
Justin: Everyone in town knew that one. That one everyone knew. [Clint laughs]
Aubrey: Yeah, that one
Justin: The—
Aubrey: That one, everyone got.
Justin: Although I do like the fiction that maybe Kepler, the citizens of Kepler accepted that JD Salinger-like, he had just moved [Clint laughs] to their town, right? And he’s just, like, living there and— but if you try, he, he loves his privacy ‘cause he’s happy to keep out of the lime-light so if you talk to him all he’ll do is sheep noises.
Travis: Have we all forgotten his name?
Griffin: Billy?
Travis: No, the actor.
Justin: No, the actor.
Travis: I cannot conjure his name.
Justin: I— Travis forgot it and it made me forget it.
Griffin: Oh.
Clint: Ryan Gosling?
Travis: [crosstalk] Ryan Gosling.
Justin: [crosstalk] Thank you, Jesus. That was weird, Trav, [Griffin laughs] your forgetting it made me forget it.
Travis: I pulled it out of your brain. I destroyed it.
Sheriff Owens: I’ll make you— oh, God. I’ll make you a deal. I’ll help you out, I’ll do whatever you want, I ain’t gonna go to war with the FBI, but whatever else y’all need I can lend a hand. But you’re, you’re gonna leave, you gotta leave Calvin out of it. You gotta make sure that he stays safe if things really do break bad in Kepler tonight. I’m not gonna risk my son’s life, you know, go, going to bat for y’all. I hope that y’all can at least understand that.
Aubrey: Yeah. No, absolutely, I totally get that.
Sheriff Owens: Well, alright. Uh, so, um, what is my involvement gonna look like and how many laws am I gonna have to break in order to do it?
Aubrey: You know, I’d rather think of it as just breaking one big law.  Um, that’s, that’s gonna make me feel better about the whole thing. Um, but yeah, I’ll run you through what we’re doin’. I think probably we’re gonna need you leading the kind of ground forces here to make sure everybody’s ready to stop this big evil thing that’s comin’ through. I’ll tell you all about it. Um, also, and this is just a side note, you don’t have any way to, like, get a message to agent Stern, do you?
Sheriff Owens: The FBI dude?
Aubrey: Yeah.
Sheriff Owens: Okay.
Aubrey: Just let him know that shit might go down but in a really vague way that doesn’t make it so that they come for us ahead of time. Even as I’m saying it I know it’s [crosstalk] a big ask.
Sheriff Owens: It’s [crosstalk] it is poppycock. Uh, Aubrey, I mean I only met the dude once and I, we didn’t exchange numbers or no— nothin’ like that, I don’t know how much sway you think I have up with the, uh, the FBI, but I can assure you the answer is basically none.
Aubrey: Mmm. Okay. Okay. Uh, your help with the people on the ground and you know, just bein’ there as a calming, well-trained presence, I think, will help a lot. Yeah? Great. Dewey, you’re in, too, right?
Deputy Dewey: Hell yeah I’m in. What’re we gonna be doing?
Aubrey: Well, you know I was just thinking, man, you know what’s really distracting and also doesn’t really have to worry about gunfire? A ghost.
Deputy Dewey: Yeah, man. I, uh, can’t kill me twice, I think. [music plays]
Aubrey: Yep.
Deputy Dewey: I’m trapped on this mortal plane walking as a specter for the rest of time.
Aubrey: Well that makes me feel bad, but—
Justin: It’s like they say, kill me once [Griffin and Clint laugh] shame on you, kill me twice... don’t make sense. [music plays]
Griffin: Duck... I don't know where this scene takes place, Duck-ulus.
Justin: It's at their living room.
Griffin: Okay. Where is their living room? I think that [stutters] I mean...
Justin: In their house?
Griffin: Yeah, their house would almost certainly be on topside. Like, I think... we can fudge it. Maybe they're just in a really nice part of Riverside.
Justin: Maybe it's at his, like, office.
Griffin: Okay. Where does—
Justin: On the other side of City Hall, near Darrrylll's Bait and Crossfit.
Griffin: Wow, that's a busy block, huh?
Travis: Well yeah, it's [crosstalk]—
Justin: [crosstalk] Well bud, we only have the six of 'em. How about it's across from St. Francis. How's that? Is that better?
Griffin: Yeah, sure. That's the hospital. Okay.
Justin: Yeah, he works in hospital administration. Doesn't that feel right?
Griffin: Okay, I like that.
Justin: Yeah it feels right. His office is across the street of the administrative building.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: So I asked him and Muffy to come down from the office.
Griffin: Alright, adding this to the map. You arrive at this building that didn't exist 15 seconds ago and it looks like—
Justin: [whoops] Yes, it did. It always existed. It was just beneath the stone. We had to chip away at the stone.
Griffin: [laughs] It looks like a building— no, I— this is just like a... there's probably a sky bridge connecting the main hospital and the administrative building, uh, and reception shows you up and I think that the office building is mostly empty at this point. There are probably a lot of commuters into Kepler who are just not allowed in town but Muffy and Winthrop, they are, uh, they're staples of the community. You find them in Winthrop's big corner office and... they just look at you judgmentally as you enter.
Duck: Yeah, nevermind. No, I can't do it. I can't do it. I'm out. Sorry to waste your time, bye. I'm leaving, bye.
Winthrop: Uhh, okay? If that's— I guess that's more time that me and Muffy can—
Duck: Gah! Listen to yourself, how you sound, God!
Muffy: What's wrong with how we sound? We're just talking about playing Mancala. [Clint laughs]
Duck: [exclaims in disgust] Alright, alright, you know what? I'm gonna give myself fuckin' 60 seconds and I'm just gonna say this and I'm gonna get the fuck out of Team Rocket HQ. God, eugh! Alright, so here's the deal... I know about the hunting club. [beat of silence]
Griffin: [laughing] They look at each other nervously as I look at you, Justin, nervously.
Duck: I know about the hunting club. I know that you and all your rich friends are out there in the forest with a— illicitly hunting protected species. I know about it. My boss said that you know this guy, he knows this guy, you know that guy, whatever, on and on and on and on, and I couldn't go after it but I know about the hunting club. And you know what, there's no one left to tell me that I can't go after it. That's— let's establish that, alright? I know. But here's the good news I'm willing to turn a blind eye [sighs] and only because if this doesn't work, there's not gonna be any animals to worry about anyway, so what the fuck do I care. I'm willing to turn a blind eye, in an exchange, I'm offering you and all your garbage friends, a chance at the greatest hunt of all.
Travis: [simultaneously] Man?
Winthrop: [simultaneously] Man? [Travis and Clint laugh]
Duck: No, actually for a long time they thought it was man but it turns out it's fucking angry demons from a hell planet. That's kind of the number one— we're cool as hell to hunt, we're very strong, a very compelling number two, but uh, no it is demons. I want you and all your— the trash people you associate with to get your guns and your whatever, fucking mink stoles, whatever you dullards wear, and come on out and shoot some fucking demons with us so we might have a solitary shot of making it through the night.
Griffin: Man... I think Manipul— I guess Manipulate Someone? Unless— what was the thing you kept— oh, the thing you kept was Escape Plan.
Justin: Yeah, no, it's Esca— yeah, I’m gonna try it.
Griffin: This is Manipulate Someone, for sure. Plus Charm.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Please roll good. God I want this to work so badly.
Justin: [rolls] Haha!
Griffin: That's a 9, plus Charm?
Justin: That's a 9 plus Charm... 10!
Griffin: [laughs] That's a complete success. Okay. Uh...
Travis: Aw man, all those people who loved Muffy and Winthrop before this moment just found out they were poachers. [laughs]
Griffin: Yeah, it's not great. [Clint laughs]
Griffin: Winthrop—
Travis: “Oh no, what about my Muffy and Winthrop cosplay?”
Griffin: Yeah. Muffy says,
Muffy: Oh dear, Muffy. It sounds like it could be a real treat hunting daemons from the ether realm.
Griffin: And Winthrop says,
Winthrop: Oh, I've always dreamed— hmmm, you make a hard case, Duck Newton. And you're willing to turn the other way— turn the other cheek? That's not what that means but...
Duck: Yeah, I guess, yeah.
Winthrop: Uh, you've convinced me, it sounds like a real hoot!
Griffin: And Winthrop gets a key out of his pocket and opens up a drawer in his desk and you see him pull out and slip on a signet ring that he— [Travis laughs]
Griffin: —walks over to a picture of him and Muffy on a speedboat hanging on the wall and moves it out of the way and enters the signet ring into a hole which he turns. And then, a panel rotates out revealing a black phone which Winthrop picks up and presses a single button on and then you hear him speaking in Latin for several minutes, [Travis laughs] and then he pulls his ear away from the receiver and he mouths,
Winthrop: What time? What time are we...? [Clint laughs]
Duck: Uh, nin— I mean, it's gonna kick off at 9 30.
Winthrop: Okay, and we—
Duck: But I think if we get there a few minutes early, it would be— there's really no need to wait to the last minute.
Winthrop: We'll say 9 15 and that we go actually be there at 9 30.
Duck: O—okay.
Winthrop: Sorry. Ipse scelpem... [imitates Latin]
Griffin: I don't know Latin. Uh...
Travis: No that was it.
Justin: That's it, that's all the Latin there is.
Griffin: Uh, and Muffy stands up and reaches into her big, big purse and pulls out another signet ring and hands it to you and she says,
Muffy: Just um, just in case you, y'know, decide that tonight is fun and you decide it seems like you can maybe keep a secret?
Griffin: And she raises her eyebrows.
Muffy: Would you like to join the Shadow Brethren or...?
Duck: Jesus Christ. Goodbye. [Clint laughs]
Justin: I'm walking out the door.
Duck: Oh fuck. All hail Muffy and Winthrop, the last great hope for planet Earth. [Amnesty theme plays]
